What do I do about this house? 

The house I saw today was beautiful, sure, I was a bit repulsed by the fact that my mom was pushing it so hard but she was only pushing so hard because it was such a beautiful house. I cancelled the offer because I found out CALHFA is going to renew the program in September but when I called them, they told me that the next update will come out in September, they don’t have information on when the actual program will be renewed. 

All I know for certain is that the government will update us on the new program at this time. I’m not sure if I should reach out to the seller and restart the offer process or if I should just wait until September and see what happens. I feel a bit foolish for canceling the offer before calling CALHFA, I shouldn’t have taken the lender’s words for face value because he said the program will start in September. I’m pretty sure it will restart but am I loosing the best property in the market, will houses in the future even be this good for the price point? We don’t know for certain. 

I want to talk to my mom about it but I feel like she would be sad that we cancelled the offer over here-say. She liked the property a lot.

She’s a hoe 

I don’t want to be mean but you have to call it like it is. She lied to me telling me her Ex was going to leave to another state and that’s why she needs to see him while I was there and then later tells me he’s not going anywhere. 

She could’ve met him at any point before I arrived or after I left but meeting him during my time there was so disrespectful and just showed that she had no care for my feelings. It showed she only cared about herself, I mean I explicitly told her I don’t want her meeting him while I’m there but she didn’t care, she just said that she felt like it was the right thing to do and it was important to her. She told me that she needed to live her life and can’t change everything for me. What I hear is “I don’t care about your feelings, this is more important to me then your stupid feelings”

We fucked on a mountain 

Okay, this was definitely the highlight of my trip, we climbed Golden Sides inside of Tombstone national park. It was a treacherously difficult hike, the rocks would slide under your feet and when you look down, you see death, thousands of feet of slippery rock. You knew one wrong move and you’re out. I was struggling but after growling through the rocks and spiky moss, we finally made it to the top. 

We setup camp by the cliffside and we were chilling looking over the horizon feeling on top of the world. I brought a whole bottle of bubbly up the mountain and by god, I was going to drink it after all the effort I put into carrying that thing up the whole freakin mountain. We popped it and started sipping. I slid my hands down her pants and started stroking her gently, she liked it, we kissed. She started rubbing me over my pants and could feel my rock hard dick. I went down on her licking her pussy and looking up into her eyes and the beautiful view of the mountains behind her. She ran her fingers through my hair and pushed me into her and I went down on her harder. I came back up and she started to blow me. The mountains in the background, her beautiful lips pursed around my dark cock was a sight to behold. I held the back of her head and guided her as she went up and down on my cock swallowing not more than a 3rd of my cock, she couldn’t fit more but oh how I wish I could stuff my whole cock down her throat. 

Now the real fun began, I asked her to sit on me, she looks around and goes, what if someone comes up? We decided to move forward anyway and she pulls her pants off completely and sits on my rock hard dick dripping with cum and saliva. She slides right on as if she’s meant to be there. I rest my head back as she rides me slowly, up and down, my hands on her but guiding her stroke, squeezing her cute ass booty. I gave it a slap and she picked up the pace. She rode faster and faster, her body with the backdrop of the mountains was unreal, it felt so fucking good, that image of her riding me on the mountain top is to die for. She rode me faster and faster and started to moan louder and louder until we both came in unison, it was an explosion.

Last night was amazing 


We went for a beautiful night of swimming in the hot springs. We chatted about us, about our relationship, about living in the city, living in the north amongst the trees. 

We drove home listening to some chill raggae as I held her hand and vibed. I slid my hand onto her thighs and gave them a rub, I inched towards her pussy and she didn’t mind, I started rubbing it slowly from over her pants, she kept driving, she was smiling and we continued chatting away about random things as I rubbed her. We got home and I picked her up, she was mad, she told me I was cut! She told me to go away, she needs to cook. I joked around and hugged her from behind, kissing her neck, feeling her butt in my hand, I rubbed her pussy as she made her sandwich. 

We went downstairs and started watching some weird ass cartoon, she finished up her sandwich, smoked a fat toke and I sipped on some claw. She gave me kiss. I touched her gently over her pants and rubbed slowly as I kissed her neck and slowly worked my way to her lips. 

We played, we kissed, she started touching me, she was rubbing me over my pants and things were getting heated. I was so turned on, it was unreal. 

I made her lay down on the couch so I could kiss her, the cartoon playing in the background, Zoe started getting curious, she started licking Mira’s face as I was kissing her, such a cockblocker, this little pupper. I figured this was a good time to transition so we got up to go upstairs. 

 I jumped into bed and threw all my clothes off and started kissing her, I could hardly wait. I wanted to bring up some music but there was no time for that, things were steamy, things were hot and she does not like taking breaks. I touched her and I could feel her pussy warming up and starting to get wet. My fingers started to get juicy as she dripped, I slid my finger into her and started feeling her out from the inside. She was stroking me the whole time. I couldn’t hold it in anymore, I craved eating her so much, I still do, she tastes so freakin good. 

I went down on her, turned her around and bit her butt. I kissed it and then I bit it again, she yelped and I stopped. I stuffed my face into her butt and started licked her pussy and her butthole, she said it tickled and told me she didn’t like it so I stopped but that was my first time and I kinda liked it. Her butt’s just so fresh, feels so clean and she just tastes so freakin good, I can’t get over it. She grabbed my cock and put it inside of her, she was so wet, it slid right in. I started fucking her slowly and picked up pace very quickly. 

I told her to get into doggy and started stroking her from the back grabbing her cute ass as I fucked her, it was a smooth in and out, pussy juice dripping and my cock harder then a rock. I’m hard as fuck writing this now so you can imagine. Anywho, we’re fucking and all of a sudden, she feels a twinge of pain, she had a bit of a stomach ache earlier too, I got off her and asked if she was alright and if she wanted to stop. She said she wanted it from the front instead, I got between her legs and slid my cock into her kissing her gently, feeling her breath against my face. Whispering how beautiful she is and how amazing it feels to be inside of her. We kissed and fucked, I wanted to be romantic this night, normally, I’m wild and aggressive but during the hot springs, she mentioned, we were never romantic during sex. I kissed her gently and stroked her gently until things started getting heated, I could feel her getting ready to climax. It felt so good, I couldn’t hold it in anymore, I came deep inside of her and she was almost there, I continued stroking her, my dick so wet with cum and pussy juice that I could barely feel it. Her moans filled the room and I kept stroking her until I felt her legs tense up and she let out a huge moan and a sigh, I kissed her and asked her if she came, she said “Well yeah, didn’t you feel it?”,  I was like yeah, I was just checking to make sure. I got off her, laid to her side and kissed her back as I moved my palm across her curvy hips onto the side of her butt. We chatted for a bit naked in bed, I literally felt like I was floating, the euphoria was real. I fell asleep with her arms and legs wrapped up all over my chest, her cute face next to my shoulder.

Let’s set our intentions for the day. 

I want to a bunch of things from an EY and personal standpoint so I feel accomplished and productive. 

I want to treat my baby with respect while still showing her love and affection. She thinks I don’t want to talk to her or something like that. 

I definitely want to talk to Jamaal about this whole situation, maybe Jammo too, I feel like she’s more stable and more likely to give me better advice. Just treat her like her like your girl but for some reason, your girl just isn’t into the physical affection at the moment. Show her other forms of affection, there are so many love languages. 

She might not be the right person for me but I refuse to bring in bad blood right now, I’m in her world and I want to have a bomb ass time. Sure, my heart is hurting and my dick is mad but my brain is intact and I can choose to be how I want to be to make this trip fun as fuck. At the end of the day, the worst possible outcome would happen if I killed the vibes. Should I kiss her when she comes home, maybe? Depending on the vibes but I don’t think I can just treat her like one of my guy friends, it doesn’t work like that.

	It all started with some heartfelt poetry, no rhyme, no schema but heartfelt. I flew west, drunk in love, not a care in the world, my heart on my sleeve and my love etched into a bottle. We dillydallied across the country, building our career, finding ourselves and our place in this world. A shy little cat with a big butt full of attitude joined us as we we were cruising through life. We danced and played, bicycled and tripped, braved the storms and kept each other afloat. 

Needless to say, we fought some ugly demons along the way but they never got the best of us. However, our last fight was a disastrousness one, we surrendered and retreated to solitude in fear, fear that these demons can’t be beat but I’m not ready to give up, I refuse to give up but I can’t win without you by my side. 

I promise with patience, forgiveness and a mountain of love, we can get through this. We can come out better, stronger and most importantly, together. We’ve learned so much about ourselves over the past 3 years and improved so many aspects of our personality by being with one another, why let someone else reap the fruit of our labour?

Regardless of whether you choose to fight this war with me, regardless of whether we’re able to overcome our demons and be together, our journey together is something I cherish with every ounce of my soul. I’m grateful for having been able to share 3 years of my life with this hippie-dippie camper van craving goofball. This breakup has been heavy on my heart but if this relationship meant as much to you as it did me, that would give me tremendous joy and the satisfaction because even though it didn’t last forever, we were able to give each other 3 years of love, joy and happiness. 

Feb 1st 

It’s my birthday tomorrow! Isn’t that exciting. I’m stoked. Mira’s coming to town, I’m excited, more then I should be but it is what it is. 

I’ve been at work today, just finishing up decorating my house, finishing up a presentation for NLS and so on. 

For some reason, I feel very unmotivated to do anything.

Hey you, I love you 

I love you Sai and I love everything about you. I love that you’re a successful intelligent sexy human being with a heart full of love and a massive cock. I love that you are a social animal and can make friends with almost anybody. I love that you love to have fun and it’s never a dull moment with you. You are a hustler, a visionary, a dreamer and an entrepreneur	at heart. You’re a bomb as cook and you got the heart of a lion and the love so deep and profound, I can begin to explain. 

I’m also grateful for all the universe has offered me. So much, I don’t even know where to start but let’s name the top 3 things that come to mind. I grateful for my job, I’m grateful for my health, I’m grateful for my youth, my senses, my motorcycle, my dope ass apartment and so much more. 

Email - ID - Car - $600

260 + 3*80 + 

Drivers license + registration + insurance via email

Cunty Cunt 

She doesn’t even give me a kiss goodbye. She’ll shower this random persons dog with so much love and won’t give me any knowing that’s what I want. It’s so manipulative and she calls me manipulative. That’s why they say you can’t listen to what people say when they call you names because most of the time, it’s more them than you. 

I’m watering the plants yesterday, she pulls into the driveway and apparently I’m supposed to show her affection and she was offended when I didn’t pay her attention. Anywho, I’m mad at her. We’re sitting drinking and laughing, I move in for a kiss and she backs away, she tells me I have to basically do nothing and that she will initiate everything, it’s so weird. She says I’m too much. 

I want to make the most of this trip, I spent all this money to come up here and I feel like it was a waste of time, money and energy. Yukon’s cool but I’m over it. Instead of working at home, I guess I’m here for a bit which is cool but the whole Seattle thing is coming up. I have so many expenses and she’s never even offered to split anything. I have a car rental and airbnb which I intend to split with her. I’m thinking about splitting the cost of the festival too but I’m worried it might create bad blood because I know she assumed that I will pay for it. 

I don’t know how I can enjoy myself here while not getting any action from her. I don’t even want to rave with her if she’s not going to shower me with love. I mean why would I want to pay for someones ticket if they’re not even going to give me the love that I want. I mean sure, she’s a friend but that’s not how this arrangement goes. I’m not going to directly ask her for what I want because that’s weird. 

What’s the total amount I would get back if I split everything? 

800/2 = 400 
600/2 = 300 
600/2 = 300 
350/2 = 175 

She did house me and take care of me for 2 weeks so I will give her that much and I might potentially want to go on another trip with her but not if she treats me the way she’s treating me now. I don’t know, I want some help in figuring out a way forward that is both smart, respectful and satisfies my soul. 



Hi Sai 

Hi, good morning love. Yes, you, I’m talking to the lover boy behind the screen. I see you smiling. It’s nice to show myself the love that I show my partner, there’s so much, why not give some to myself huh, write myself a love note, give myself a date, give myself a present. Only when I’m happy can I make the people around me happy. 

I was in pain last night and that’s why I was

Good morning, we’re in the YUKON today 

Beautiful Thursday morning in Whitehorse, I’m at a random persons house that Mira’s house sitting and they have the worlds cutest freakin dog, it’s unreal. I’m having a bomb ass time, yesterday, we were just hanging out around here and went for a little swim by the lake. 

The neighborhood is so cute and this house, let me tell you, it’s something. They’ve got all the games, they’ve got this cute ass backyard and a freakin nice yard with a jacuzzi, like sheesh, I love it. The only burden is probably maintaining this house. 


A love note to my baby: 

Hey babe, thank you for listening last night, I know it wasn’t easy for you, especially after having done a whole marathon earlier in the day. You’re an amazing person and I’m super grateful and lucky to be hanging out with you in this beautiful home in one of the most beautiful places in the world with the cutest dog ever. Thank you for giving me this experience. 

So what else is new? 

The whole thing with Raul is kinda top of mind but I don’t even care to write about it. I feel neglected by Mira but it’s possible that she’s actually that busy. It makes sense though, she’s working, practicing for a marathon and so much more. Otherwise, I mean if that’s the way she loves, then so be it, it just means we aren’t compatible. Before making any decisions, I’m just going to go experience this vacation with her. I’ll put all these feelings behind for now. After experiencing our vacation, we can take everything that we’ve experienced and make a decision on how we want to move forward. 

I can’t wait to launch my website. 

























Some regret and a highly motivated 


I feel a bit overwhelmed, I feel like there’s too much going on and I need list out what I want and need to do, basically prioritize my stuff so I’m not wasting my time and energy on low value tasks: 

1.	I want to practice coding and learn some new skills. Specifically I want to be able to fully launch and deploy a virtual agent on my own. I want to use lambda functions to call generative ai as an enhancement. (Sandiego.ai) I did manage to whip something up fairly quickly using Power Virtual Agent and embedded into my page the way I wanted it. There are a couple of issues. 1. The mobile site sucks and google isn’t allowing me to make a webpage 
2.	I want to work on Eddy’s project (CRM solution) - create project plan and reach out to developers and architecture 
3.	I also have the umbrella ship project that I can work on. - I’m not sure what action can be taken here
4.	I want to hit the gym and the hot tub in this building, it’s been too long. 
5.	Lets make my Psy-Tech mix for Sprouts 
6.	Lets order a few pashminas so I have a good variety by the time Jolie returns 
7.	Also wanted to rent out my unit while I’m away, let’s take some dope shots, what about the bed? I’m not sure, maybe I should just build it so I can’t rent it out? Not a bad idea, it’s just a bit of work but nothing too much for me. 
8.	I also want to figure out if I want a Tesla or not. 

I also have a couple of must do from an EY perspective. 
⁃	Learning assignment from success factors 

Trip perspective: 
⁃	Finish booking a car for Seattle - what happens if I don’t book a car? We would have to figure out transport to and from the venue, we need a car, there’s no two ways. 
⁃	Finish up the booking for Dawson lodge 

In terms of long term goals, I want to be rich, sexy and a great dj and coder. So basically me right now but evolved. I want to thrive in business and make a ton of money so I can make in impact to society. The hippie in me says - fuck all that, think about the now, enjoy every day as it comes, just have a good time. I think accomplishing these things and even the act of perusing these goals is a good time for me, I’ll enjoy every minute of becoming sexy even if it super hard, I’ll enjoy every minute of learning how to be a crazy coder even if it’s complicated and mind boggling, I’ll enjoy every minute of becoming an amazing DJ, the grind, the struggle, everything. I also want to have a very beautiful relationship and I want to learn more about how to be a good partner, what makes a good partner and how to ensure I have a healthy and happy relationship, I think the most beautiful thing in the world is love and I really want to look back at the end of my life and see a beautiful love story of an amazing relationship I’ve had with my partner, that will be the jewel at the center of my work of art, the work of art being my life. 

I also feel like I’m missing something but I’m not 100% sure what that is 



I went to the shuffle meet up last night and it was fun. I was very low energy though, I feel like I should take the hint when my body tells me today isn’t the day. I don’t feel good taking a hit from you know who and I’m not very happy about all the drinking. I did end up going to Vin De Syrah and the spot is really cool! I’m just a bit mad that I ended up spending like 40 dollars on drinks at the place and another 35 for tacos, like it just feels unnecessary, I woke up with a ugly hangover and some stanky ass taco breath ughh. Anyways, I remember feeling like I should never do this again, I should focus on myself, upgrade everything, lay my traps and wait. I don’t need to be there exerting energy to hunt, it’s been futile and it’s hurting my ego and I don’t like it. I mean you’re not going to pull every night unless you’re Mujo. How the man does it, I don’t know. He’s a funny ass dude in general, just very random, triggering and funny. He doesn’t take himself seriously and dresses that way, he looks good but clowny and I think that adds. 

Anywho, I think I’m ready to get started. I have from now until Tuesday completely to myself. The things I want are the following: 

⁃	I want to be able to make langchain based applications from Server to UI just like what Hugh was able to do. 

I think getting better at this will make me very happy and also open up more job opportunities for me, more money more bitches oui oui. 

I’m also thinking about that Tesla, do I need to add about 500 more dollars to my budget for a new car? (Car + insurance)

Right now, I spend about 400 in total for my car. If I bought the Tesla, I would get the long 


Hi there

I’m feeling a bit overwhelmed with all the choices and what I should do, want to do and so on. I really wanted to go to invigatorium and spend some time there but now I don’t really know if I want to go there. I got all dressed up. I also want to go to my rooftop lounge area to hangout and work but a part of me isn’t sure if I should. I don’t know what’s stopping me, I’m fully dressed and looking cute as hell so I don’t see why not. 

Anywho, neither of those are not critical, if I don’t go, it doesn’t change anything. There are a few things I need to do, I need to finish making travel arrangements and I’m very motivated to become a world class coder so I want to use that motivation to work on some learning and upskilling activities. A part of me wants to smoke but I’ve already smoked yesterday and it sucked away a lot of time, was it fun, hell yeah, but I don’t want it sucking up any more time. I have a shuffle meetup in the evening that I would like to go to, it would quench my desire to meet friends, smoke and get in a bunch of shuffle practice which is all good things so I do want to go. My friends want to go drinking later tonight which will be pretty fun so the evening is pretty packed. I just got all dressed up, did my hair and everything to go to the roof or to the cafe but I just don’t feel like it now and changing out of all this just feels like waste, what are your thoughts?



Hey bud, let’s get to work, fuck getting into my head, let’s get into my tasks and do some amazing things. Just out here looking for my happiness somewhere between gratitude and growth. Let’s grow into something amazing, something beyond this world, it’s also about the journey. When you don’t have too much going on, people like you for your personality which is beautiful. When you’re Uber successful, you start getting a lot of fake people, hasn’t happened yet but I feel like it’s coming because that’s what I’ve been wanting lately and dreaming about. 

I love the vibe right now, woke up and just been focusing on enjoying myself. I love it, I’m focusing on my recovery and my growth.

I’m excited 

I’m going to the Yukon soon! We’re planning out the trip and it’s super fun, it’s getting me feeling all tingly inside. We’re gonna be in the Yukon for the first half and then the last week will be spent in Seattle, hit the Gorge, bam, it’s gonna be lit. 

The views and sights in Whitehorse look magnificent, we got a dog too, a great big fluffy one, I’m excited. I need to setup my router. I have so many things to do, I might as well either work on 

I don’t know what I want for breakfast, maybe a cheese & eggs sandwich. 

I have a bunch of things to do for work, move out stuff & vacation planning stuff. All good things but I want to wrap up everything and sit on top of it. Let’s plan out the day. 



12 - 2: window to go get car headlights fixed but this is not a priority, I can do this tomorrow. 
Inspection: 2 - 4 


Planning and packing 


I’m going to moving in about 5 days and I have things I need to do before then. 

9.	I need to finish this inspection. - call them after my meeting. 
10.	I need to wrap up packing before Friday so on Sunday morning, I can literally just get up and go get the truck.  (I think putting everything in boxes can be done in 2 to 3 days tops so Wednesday & Friday should be enough)
11.	I have to book the truck. - (Today) 
12.	I also need to finish making the reservation for the movers (Today)


Fun Fun Fun: 
⁃	Thursday night shenanigans at Bang-Bang. 
⁃	No plans for Friday as of now. 
⁃	Saturday morning, I’m gonna head to the baby shower, pick up some chocolates or something for the babies first birthday. 
⁃	Sunday movers and then Beach House. 
⁃	I want to make the Psy-Tech Mix so I can send it to Sprouts and potentially get a gig. I don’t even care if I have to just rip a YouTube video, that’s fine.
⁃	Might do a meet up or two, might go for the SD speed dating thing 
⁃	Might try some Yoga at Quart yard 

Photo ID email 
SPGE - account number 
Cashiers check - 
2 - 5 move in scheduled 
$3452 - prorated June and July

Move out instructions 

⁃	Plan out my Internet to be moved to the unit. - Call AT&T. Internet
⁃	Our building offers Cox Internet services. If you would like to purchase Cox services, there is already modem in your home and you would just have to activate it once you purchase Cox services. The building also offers AT&T.
1.	Pay move in cost which are detailed on the attached Move-in Statement in the amount of $3,452 (This includes June prorates, remaining deposit, parking fees, and July rent. Next rent won’t be owed until August 2023.)
How to submit your payment: In person with a cashier’s check or money order made out to “The Merian”
3.	Setup gas/electric account with SDG&E and provide account number to The Merian
•	Visit www.sdge.com or call 1-800-411-7343 to transfer or start service
4.	Email/upload renter’s insurance policy declaration page to Brookfield@leasetrack.ai or upload declaration page at https://leasetrack.ai/renters .
•	You can set up a renter’s insurance policy with Lease Track by visiting https://leasetrack.ai/get-insurance/
•	All third party insurance policies must list both Brookfield Properties Multifamily LLC and Merian as ‘Interested Party’ or ‘Additional Interest’ with the interest party address of P.O. Box 38267, Albany, NY. 12203.  This ensures the carrier will send renewals, cancellations, and reinstatements to LeaseTrack. Should you choose to secure insurance through your own provider, a minimum of $100,000 in liability coverage is required.
7.	Set up Move in Orientation
•	Please coordinate with the leasing office on what time you’d like to stop by and collect keys for your upcoming move in for your selected lease start date.



Things I want to see in the Yukon 

Must See: 
13.	Definitely want to see the northern lights - fall or winter 
14.	Would love to go mushing with some dogs if that’s possible. - winter 
15.	I really want to do some overnight camping somewhere. 
16.	Hot springs! 

Maybe: 
⁃	I’m open to the flight through the canyon if it’s not super overpriced. 
⁃	Might rent a motorcycle and ride around for a day or two 


Social Media dating 

Like I want to come to answer to this question on my own, when I add someone I like from Tinder, should I DM them to introduce myself or should I just follow them and take it from there? 

One is more chill, the other’s a bit loud and intrusive. 

The chill approach might go unnoticed and 

Ruby
15 cost + 10 shipping + 10 profit = $35
Blue: same cost 
Gold: same cost 
White: $30 + 10 shipping + 20 profit = $60 


Happy Monday 

Ewwww, who says that? Idk but I’m happy. I’m happy with my relationship, I’m happy with my life, I’m happy with my job, I’m happy with my friends, I’m happy with my family, I’m happy with my health, I’m happy about my amazing cooking skills and so so so much more. 

I’ve got so much going on and I’m going to take what Loni said to heart, I’ve got so much to offer and I’m an amazing person, show that in your demeanor, don’t be timid, be loud and proud. 

I also love what my baby said last night - each of us should be able to find their own happiness and we take that happiness and we bring it into our relationship. I think’s that’s pretty profound. We’re little happiness monsters out here looking for things that make us happy and we bring some back to our little love nest. 


A little unrest 

It’s Friday afternoon and I’m excited to shut this shit down but it’s

Hi there

It’s 1 am and I’m about to do some work before heading to bed. 

I spoke to Jamaal earlier today and he was basically saying that Mira is 23 and she’s probably in the same state of mind as you were when you were 23 and 24 and she’s right. When I was 24, I was miles away from any sort of commitment. It’s crazy that just 4 years apart puts me and her at such an emotional distance. I thought once you’re 20, all 20 year olds are the same and all the 30 year olds are the same. I guess that’s kind of true but I’m closer to 30 then I am to 20. 

Anywho, I feel like I’ve fucked around enough in this relationship, trying to open it up, then trying to close it, whatever, let’s just do whatever it takes to keep it fun and happy until it’s time for me to go to the North. Any who, we’ll continue this chat tomorrow, all I know is that I love her but I need to be careful with my heart, I would rather lock it up and put it away then truly give it to this girl and allow her to break it. I’m taking it back, she’s not loving me the way I want to be loved so let’s just stay away from getting too attached, let’s be single, Mira doesn’t exist until she does for the next 3 weeks. 


Anywho, I was talking to Jamaal earlier and he’s saying things like I have to stop being pussy and need to man up and tell Mira what I want. Whether she gives it to me or not is up to her.

Doubts doubts doubts

So I don’t know why but I can’t shake the feeling off that she’s out there sleeping with other people. It could be stemming from Lili’s comment yesterday that she’s giving her attention to some otha niga or some otha otha niga. Idk, it bothers me. I want to be unphazed by it. Who the fuck cares who she’s sleeping with, it’s her body, her choice. That is how I think, it’s my body, I do what I want with it, I’m not hurting you in any way by having sex with someone. Why does it bother somewhere deep down yonder? Maybe it doesn’t, maybe it’s just the social constructs fed into my brain since birth that causes a neurochemical reaction in my body when the concept of cheating comes up. I’ve never even been cheated on.

Good morning Love

I love you. Yes you, you magnificent human being. Regardless of who can see it, I see it. I see the light in you, I see the endless rivers of love flowing through you out into the world, those lucky enough to drink that water are blessed for a lifetime. Anywho, I’m about to start working. 

How are you feeling?
I’m feeling good, I feel a bit hazy but the music is creating an aura of love and happiness - a kawaii world. I definitely want to make a mix out of this song. I see it being in a lot of upcoming sets. 

Anything on your mind lately? 
This whole thing with Mira has definitely been on my mind but I love the drama, I live for it, just like Lili. We have so much in common, idk, I don’t think we’re compatible and I’m not that into her physically. She’s got a great personality but I also feel like the girls always out looking for trouble. The heart wants what it wants, she’s smart, she knows what she wants is fucked up but it’s just a matter of time. If she is the perfect girl for me, it’ll happen, I’m sure the universe has its ways. 

I thought I was destined to be in the pits with Quyen and continue having amazing ups and devastating downs but the universe And my mind were like no, no fam, this isn’t for you and gave me the gentlest girl there ever was. She’s easy to talk to and kind. I don’t think I could yell at her if I tried. She’s a Sagg. Oh if I could have both, that would be insane but they wouldn’t have it. Please have a dream where I’m in a threesome with my Ex and Mira all in one place. I’m going to back to work in two minutes but this has been productive.

Yikes 

So what if while I’m over here sending her roses and what not, she’s in Whitehorse riding some white horse. I’d be such a simp being played by this girl like a fiddle. That could also be all part of my imagination. I feel like these are all social constructs, who decided that her fucking someone else is bad. I mean if it makes her happy, then who the fuck am I to say anything about it? 

What does it mean to be a lover? I would love to actually read about this and learn more, I think it’s such a vaguely understood human phenomena. What do I feel towards Mira? I feel a strong attraction, my heart yearns for her. It yearns for her love, her attention and her body. How does it feel when I’m with her? I feel good, it could just be the sex but the sex isn’t going anywhere. She’s a good time to be around, I think her sense of humor is quirky but she’s pretty high energy so it’s always lively.  

I’m mad at her cuz I feel like I don’t get as much attention as I would normally like. Maybe I will tell her but it’s just so petty and needy. I also want to make this little vacation happen with her next month fun so let’s not start a bunch of fights. Let’s have fun, go to the rave and I think when you’re with her, it’s going to be wonderful. It’s just when y’all are separate, let’s be open. It’s up to you if you want to go date someone else during this time, I don’t think a relationship should put you in shackles, you’re together because you want to be together. 

The only place where I don’t believe that is when there’s a child involved. I think, if you’re having children, be prepared to spend the next 20 years of your life with one person no matter what it takes. If you’re not willing to make that commitment, then don’t bring someone into this world. What sucks about this is that I can’t control that, if my partner leaves me, it’s over. Hence, I’m not interested in having children because I don’t think I will find someone that can commit to one person in today’s day and age. I’m also not a super huge fan of kids anyways, so whatever. I also don’t want to end up old and alone, that just sounds miserable. It’s unlikely though, there are so many people in this world, I feel like you’re bound to meet someone. Breakups in general suck though, both emotionally, financially and mentally. 

Anywho, I’m gonna get to work now, this is a pretty spicy journal entry.

Love note 

I want to send my baby some flower and chocolate cuz I love her and I’m not able to pick between 3 rose bouquet or a single flower and some chocolate to go with it. I think the chocolate is better cuz you can eat it :D 

The three roses are so pretty though and what if the chocolate isn’t that good? Idk, I feel like it would be pretty good, like how often is chocolate bleh, the chocolate is also pretty expensive. 

Anyhow, I think I’m going to do the single rose and chocolate as long as they have it in stock. 
What note do I want to send with it? 

I’m grateful to the universe for having crossed paths with you and to you for bringing a whirlwind of joy into my life <3

Love 
Sai Methukupally  


Photoshoot 

So here’s the situation, I have the pashmina’s, the photographer and one model. 
I also want one more person, a girl so I can get pictures of both a man and women in the scarves. 
I also haven’t decided on a location (I was thinking we could do the shoot at sunset cliffs but I was also interested in doing it at a festival setting/atleast the shuffle meetup).

Happy Monday

So we’re about to get into the grind for the week and I’m excited. It’s gonna be hella productive and I’m going to do amazing things. A couple of things on my mind, 

17.	One being the photoshoot that I penciled in for tomorrow. Where do I want to do it, do I want to also have a female model as well? 
18.	I want to finalize everything that needs to be finalized regarding my move out and move in. 
19.	Other then that, I want to focus on my EY tasks and deliver excellence 
20.	I’ll reach out to Jammo later about the Houston investing thing and figure out a game plan to go visit, this is probably gonna be in late July or August. 
21.	I also want to start setting up my router and give it a spin. 
22.	I also want to figure out if it’s a good time to get that new Tesla considering the potential savings, the upfront cost, do I need a car? 




Another beautiful morning in sunny Southern California. I came over to my parents house to spend the weekend and it’s been nice. We spent yesterday at a pretty little winery in Tamecula and momma made a big fat Indian spread for lunch, took a mid afternoon nap, it was cute. 

We’re about to go for a little family friend get together today, I’m hanging out in the living room. I feel a little flustered as if I should be doing something else right now but I think that’s just me in my compressed state of mind, my mind doesn’t really want to relax and wonder, it’s more focused and sharp right now. 

In terms of what I want, I want attention, I want the instagram hoes to be swooning over me. Other than that, I want to do more amazing things so I can be admired by the people around me, both at work and in San Diego. 

I want to be present and in the moment so hence trying to understand if there’s anything I want to do right now. I kind of want to debug the issue that I’m facing for the Army Bot. 

I got a little tattoo from my momma last night as we watched the movie and I thought that was super cute. There are a couple of wants 

23.	I want some attention from the insta fam 
24.	I want to get my baby a present and surprise her. She did tell me she’s into fashion and I want to get her an accessory that she would like. She’s hella into running and she’s super into the barbie movie so there’s something there that I can get her. What else could I get her. 

I think she’s an amazing girl, she’s willing to run through this thing with me even though it’s hard to do this whole long distance thing. She’s working with me through my mood swings and emotional. I want to be there for her as a pillar of support and love. 

I’m super excited to go to Canada next month. 

8588685401 - 12 to 5 pm for onsite Merian to check for Tesla chargers 


Hi again, it’s me 

I had such a fun night last night and I’m so excited for all the great things that coming my way. I’m so blessed.

I’m just sitting here feeling like a shriveled raisin. I’m trying to heal but my body just isn’t happy with the debauchery last night. My project is ending again and I’m not happy about that. I think that is priority number one. Also, this whole moving situation is getting kinda out of hand, I need to change the elevator reservation and get my deposit back. That and also, the application fee. I still haven’t received it and I won’t get it unless I fight for it. 

Anywho, I’m happy and grateful for everything I have and all the people in my life. I’m going to be DJ’ing tonight, super excited for that! Sipping on this water and I feel like my life force is coming back to me. 

I don’t want to keep postponing things, let’s get on this task list and fucking do it all, once, I’m done, I’ll feel soo mofukin good :D 

I also feel like my skillset needs a boost. I need something to make me more in demand.

Hi there

I’ve been feeling a bit off this morning. I woke up a little upset that Mira didn’t respond to me last night or this morning and had thoughts around - is she cheating on me, blah blah blah. I’m also mad at myself for giving someone so much control over my happiness but that’s what happens when you love someone so just make peace with it. I’m also mad that I can’t get bitches out here. I don’t want to go get bitches in south America, I want some close to home that I can take on the back of my motorcycle. 

Well I fixed that real quick, Viv agreed to go on a bike ride with me which could be pretty fun. 

I have things to do, let’s get to it. 

I’m mad at her but I feel like my feelings are a bit unjustified, all she did was not ignore my call and my text. I just felt like I’m being neglected. If you love someone, it’s not right to make them feel that way. She mentioned the other day that it kinda feels like we’re grasping at straws because we spent so little time together and we spend so much time apart. 

Her doing that not only put me in a bad mood last night but this morning as well and I can’t just shrug that off as nothing and just FaceTime her tonight acting as if everything is okay. It’s because I love you that I’m feeling so distressed over something so small. 

If I called Jamaal and texted him, actually he would at least say he’s busy or that he’d call me back later. The things she says really get me on edge. She says things like you are what I want in a partner in this moment in time but people change and I don’t know what I want a few years from now. She also doesn’t believe in monogamy, she says it’s good for parents to split up instead of fighting in front of their kids. These statements aren’t wrong, it’s not about wrong or right but I just don’t feel

Good morning 

So it’s been a minute but I’m sitting down on this Sunday morning to work on my personal things and work related things that I’m involved in at the moment. There are quite a few things on my mind that I’ve started but haven’t really gotten too far in. 

There’s the Pashmina business that I want to start making moves on. 
There’s the San Diego AI business that I want to finish building the website for. 

I want to get my money up and I think these are two great platforms. 

I want to get my baby a little present delivered to her house. 

I have to get the car lights fixed. 

I also need to decide on my next step in terms of my lease. 

What options do you have for high interest savings account?

I had an amazing conversation with my baby and I love her. 

How do I feel about opening up our relationship? I’m not sure yet but I love that it was so easy to talk about with her and I think it could be really fun. 

I’m being invited to go hangout at the beach and salsa

Sunday Funday 

So it’s a beautiful Sunday morning in Sunny San Diego. It’s around noon and I have a bunch of things I have to do. I have to ensure by Tuesday night that everything GDS needs until the following Tuesday. 

Apart from that, I just want to make sure I have everything I need for the festival. I believe I do, maybe the onesie, it’s not even a big deal if I don’t get it, it’s whatever. 

I want to go chill at beach house for the show today and hangout with some friends. 

I know there’s a lot of things to do be done on the home buying front but I feel like I’m stuffing too many things into my life and I want to take a step back and chill for now. I’ll get back into the home buying thing later. 

This weekend was pretty cool, got to hang with Adro and cousins on Friday, Brandon all day and then my family at night on Saturday and I have Sunday to myself, I might go for a little Coronado ride, it’s been ages and the weather is beautiful. I could take my laptop and go to OB Bean for a while on my motorcycle, maybe hit the motorcycle shop later and get the bluetooth checked out and I could hit Beach House in time for sunset.

Hey love, I felt like I was all up in your grill lately so I didn’t call you last night but talking to you is important to me. I felt off going to bed without seeing your pretty face. 

I feel like my whole heart is in this and I need some reassurance that you’re in this with me. It can be scary. Sharing this with you is hard but I want to be open and honest with you. 


Sent that over and got a great response so I’m happy. 

Anywho, here’s my time table for today: 

Work until 3:30 on EY & training related stuff 
4 - 5: doctors 
6: showing 

7 - 12: no plans 

Social things I can do this weekend
25.	Hangout with Jen, Sed
26.	I can go mix with Adro later today 
27.	Maybe hang with 


I’m mad 

It’s okay though. I want to think about my schedule for today right now: 

I can finish my workout during the day if we don’t have crazy deliverables and I can work all the way until 3:30 which I think is plenty. That way, I can finish up my work, head to the doctors and then head to the viewing at 5pm. 

I’m not sure what I want to do this evening. It’s Friday evening y’all, I wanna have some fun! I’m not trynna drink or nothing. 



Circling back to why I was mad, I wanted to see if she’d call me last night before going to bed because we talk to each other every night before going to bed. She didn’t, I wanted to talk to her but I did’t want to be that guy that calls her every night, I wanted some reciprocation and I didn’t receive any, hence I’m mad. 

Normally, in the morning, I always send over a little love note to her, this morning but I didn’t send her anything to see if she would put anything on the table. The reason I did this is because I want to know if I’m over here obsessing over her and she doesn’t really care too much about this whole affair but she did send me a little love note this morning. 

It’s reassuring that’s she’s in this with me. I don’t think a couple needs to be obsessed with one another all the time but I want to be obsessed with her and I want someone that’s obsessed with me. My moms obsessed with me but that’s different. I guess anything over the top isn’t healthy. 

I say fuck all these mind games and follow my heart. Love her and obsess over her to your hearts content. The more you resist these temptations, the harder it’s going to be for you to have the best possible day you can have. Thinking about the future, you will eventually decide whether the two of you want to spend your lives together or not and when that time comes, it comes. 

Chat GPT’s response hit me at my core : 
In your journal entry, I see several key elements worth discussing:
28.	Communication: It sounds like you have a routine of calling each other every night and sending love notes in the morning. When there was a deviation from this routine, it created some feelings of insecurity. It's completely okay to feel this way, but instead of testing her, it might be more productive to openly communicate your needs. Sharing your concerns and feelings with her can help both of you understand each other better and work through these issues as a team.
29.	Reciprocation: Your desire for reciprocation is understandable, but it's crucial to remember that people have different ways of expressing their love and affection. Not everyone expresses their feelings in the same way or at the same pace. It's important to communicate openly about what you both need to feel loved and cherished.
30.	Obsession: The line between love and obsession can be thin. It's natural to want to be cherished by your partner, but expecting or wanting to be "obsessed" with each other might lead to a potentially unhealthy dynamic. It's important to have a balanced relationship where both individuals have their own interests, friendships, and time for personal growth outside the relationship.
31.	Mind Games: You're absolutely right in saying "fuck all these mind games and follow my heart." Playing games in relationships often leads to misunderstandings and hurt feelings. Honesty, sincerity, and direct communication are key.
32.	Future: You've already grasped the idea of living in the moment and allowing the future to unfold as it may. This is a healthy mindset. As long as you're enjoying the journey and learning about each other along the way


These are all things I know but I needed to be reminded. 







Hello 

Just finished up a long day’s work. Lots of productivity. I feel a bit stressed out and a bit out of it to be honest. I don’t feel myself, I don’t feel relaxed. I wanted to smoke a little to get myself there but that’s the short cut and it’s going to hurt my lungs so yeah, I want to find a natural way to relax. I tried playing Chivalry but honestly, violent video games are fun but they are far from relaxing. They give you big dopamine rushes and are big downers if yo

Anywho, life is long, the sun is shining, I’m a tad bit lonely. That’s the real issue here but soon, those problems are going to go away. In the meantime, let’s just have a bomb ass time in whatever way we can and want while Staying Healthy! - I’m not in my early 20’s anymore so I have to be conscious about what I’m throwing into my body but that doesn’t mean I can’t have some fun once in a while. 

Anywho, the clock is striking 4 so it’s time to get that Cardio in so let’s go do that. It’ll be chill, Cardio days are easy peasy. Once that’s done, we can come upstairs, freshen up and head over to the shuffle meet up for some fun and games. 

If you’re feeling lonely, let’s actively try and do more social things, maybe hangout with Sed or any of my friends. I could always give my already existing friends a quick ring like Jamaal, Pranav, Raga (I’ve gotta talk to her)

Before you know it, your girl is going to back in town and before you know it, your girl is going to be back into your life forever and I can’t wait for that.

Good morning love 

I love you. Morning’s started at hyper speed it feels like. Nothing that I can’t handle but the projects going at full speed or maybe I’m just going at full speed. I have one week to wrap up the design, more like 3 days, we want it done by Monday. 

So we have this large Excel file that contains the intents, responses and utterances. 

Our exercise is to: 
33.	go through this document and find similar intents, group them. 
34.	Remove old intents that are no longer necessary 

Anywho, work aside, life is great, I got myself a little veggie burrito and a gal that loves me. A little chai on the side and we’re ready to power through the day. Today’s going to be a power day where we’ll accomplish everything we set our mind to and then hit the shuffle event where we’ll dance our ass off and probably smoke some weed. I’m excited. 

My last meeting is at 2:30 
1:30 to 3 - lay low and chill 
3 - 4: cardio 
4 - 5: Freshen up 
5 - 6: Groceries 
6 - 9: Shuffle Workshop

 


Hi friend 

We’re gonna spend some time on the internet having fun :D 
Lets make something cool 


I agree, this is great progress! Thank you Daniel. In addition, we want to figure out a way to associate them to their source file and 

Idea for thought: , how can the client use this data set to clean up their master data? We can append the master data they’ve provided with an additional field that shows the AI Generated grouping. This way, the client can use the dataset as is to update their master data with ease. 
 

2 - 3: Chill 
3 - 4: Chill 
4 - 5: Chill 
5 - 6: Gym
6 - 7: Gym
7 - 8 Work 
8 - 9: Work 
9 - 10: Work 
10 - 11: 
11 - 12: 

Things I want to do: 
35.	Bikeride 
36.	Gym 
37.	Finish up some EY HW (CPE)  
38.	Get laundry pods 


We were going through it today huh 

Overall great day but definitely a weird one. Lots of journaling, lots of thoughts and lots of smoking. Anywho, I’ve also done everything I needed to today so I’m still proud of myself. I just need to do this quick catch up and knock a few things off my to do list so I’m a little freed up.  

Stepping out here 

I feel like last night, the conversation was a bit off. Part of it was me obsessing over her being mine and us locking it down which felt a bit out of character. Anyways, I did push some buttons and got something out of the whole thing. She said she wanted to give this a try when we live together and she’d know by the end of that. I was over here like let me pop the question next time I see her. This was kind of due to my mom, Jamaal and myself, I think we’re all to blame for the energy last night. 

Anywho, I’m not that thirsty no more and I’m not that crazy about marrying her right this moment and keeping her with me. I think it would be awesome to have her over here with me. 

Regarding the house, that’s another thing of concern, I’ll have a chat with my dad to see if he’s actually comfortable shelling 30K to buy this house. If not, I think I’m going to table this purchase and save some money while I’m living in the apartment. Based on my calculations, I should be very close to 30K richer by next year so it should work out. 

There’s just a lot on my mind and I also feel lonely coming back to my apartment and living by myself. I want my baby and I’m upset about it, it’s okay booboo, she’ll be here soon. I love you Sai Pranav Srinath Reddy Methukupally and she does too. You’ll see her soon enough, let her save her cash money, otherwise, she’s gonna be upset even if she’s out here and nobody wants that. 

Anywho, I feel a little better now. I just texted her, idk if that was the best thing to do but it is what it is. 

I just feel like I’ve been giving her too much attention, where is this feeling coming from? I haven’t heard her say she misses me or anything of that nature, what does that mean? It means I’m all up in her business so much that there’s no space for her to miss me. Hence, we’re going to ignore her. Focus on myself, focus on completing these EY tasks and getting the reputation and pride that goes along with it. It’s 4pm and there are a few things that I need to do. 

I need to go workout, get some laundry pods (online or Albertsons), finish up my EY work, check out some new homes that were sent over and last but not least, maybe hit salsa class. 

I also need to figure out mortgage deals with Bob Anderson and see what he has to offer. 

Let’s do our time boxing exercise so we can play this day out and get exceptional results. We want to come out feeling amazing at the end of the day because of all we’ve accomplished

4 - 5: Chill 
5 - 6: Gym 
6 - 7: Gym/ Hot tub 
7 - 8: Dinner 
8 - 9: Catch up 
9 - 10: Catch up  
10 - 11: Mira or TV
11 - 12: Mira or TV 
 
33 - 40:

Narcacisismzzz

I had a chat with Mira last night and we were talking, at one point, she says I make everything about me and I can see that. My mom’s the same way, I told her I like her and immediately, it’s all about whether she can come and visit me. This is something I want to work on and something I will work on. I sent out a request to Geneva so we can discuss this further. 

I don’t want to take it for stride, I’ll look into it and see what I can do. Sometimes our conversations can get stale, sometimes, they’re super fun. You win some and you loose some, you can’t win em all. 


So I'm curious to hear a bit more about being "narcissistic" -- What does being narcissistic mean to you? What is your definition of a narcissist? How do you see it showing up? When is it showing up? Your answers will help me guide you to the best care option.


I did not meet the therapist, I’ve handled it on my own instead and I’ve been pretty successful so far so I don’t think I need therapy on those issues. 

I think Narcissism is when you’re hyper focused on yourself and don’t really have care for the one’s around you. I think it’s like being extra selfish. Sometimes I catch myself focusing on my happiness and my wants without too much regard to what others want. An example - recently I’ve been dating a girl. She lives in Canada but I’ve been asking her to come visit me even though it’s hard for her. I feel like sometimes, I can make things about me even when they aren’t.  She compliments some guys hair and sometimes I’m like “Does that mean she doesn’t like my hair?”. It’s not to the point where I loose sleep but I do catch myself with these thoughts and feelings sometimes. 

Recently, I was telling my mom about the girl I was seeing and my mom makes it all about herself. She’s asking questions like “will she be okay if I come visit y’all” , “will she like me”, etc. and I just feel like my mom was exhibiting similar signs where I’m trying to discuss my relationship with the girl and she makes it all about herself. Sometimes, I feel like I can do the same thing where my partner is telling me things about her life and her feelings and I make it about myself. 

I just want to learn how I can be more selfless but also look out for myself and my needs. I’m trying to find that balance. I don’t want to make my life all about her but I also don’t want to make it all about me. I just need some help finding that balance.

Monday Mourning 

Things are on the up and up at EY, it’s nice to feel like I’m being pulled away from my heart throb. I love her and I want her here with me in my arms and I want her to be mine forever. It sucks that she’s not here but she will be soon enough. I’m very inclined to smoke through all morning but I feel like it’s just not going to stop and I’ll just feel all drowsy and out of it all day. How about a toke at night? It sounds good but sometimes I feel like I can’t chat with my girl if I’m super high, kinda like last night. 


How do you feel? 

	I feel a longing for her, I miss being with her and around her. I feel like last night, I was bit obsessed with bringing her over here and keeping her to stay here forever but it’s natural to feel that way. I don’t think I need to blame myself for it. If she feels some sort of way about that, she needs to tell me now. It’s not an ultimatum but I just want to be with someone that’s as stoked to be with me as I am to be with them. I don’t want to be the one obsessed and the other person just like whatever about the relationship. It’s okay to feel that way, you just miss her and that tight ass. 



Hi again, 

I’m in Jamaals house playing some Chivalry 2. I’m thinking about my life and the moves I want to make moving forward. I’m not really stressing or anything but I feel like this a time of action and I want to move forward and come out of with success.


So to start, let’s get those tickets for ABGT, Me and Mira looked at flights from Van to Sea and then to San and it wasn’t that bad. I just don’t want to run out of tickets for ABGT because it’s a classic rave. I feel like 


So I’m at a pivot point. 

One other concern is if I’m trying to close on a house but I’m not going to be here at the time of closing, that could be problematic. The closing will most likely happen this month and next month where I will be here so there isn’t really a big issue there

The cost to my pocket for ABGT is $800 where Shambala was closing $1500 so I think we can bite the bullet on Shambala this year and hit the Gorge. I also know I have enough time in between so we’re good. Having a deadline for the closing is important and I need to move in by June 16th.  I don’t think I’m gonna do splash house this year. We’ll see how my finances are looking at that time.



So I’m a tad bit blasted but it’s cool, I think I’m cool without over stimulation, I would listen to music but I’m enjoying the white noise of an airport. I’m about to complete some basic voice flow stuff that is kinda boring but at the same time, easy to mess up. I’m not sure it’s the best idea as it might lead to mistakes. I’m literally typing as my thoughts pop up so the sentence formation and structure is way off. 

Anywho, I’m interested what GPT would do if it had access to the internet It gave me a few things. I love candy but it’s kind of weird how it makes you feel, there’s like an unsettling panic, it’s true, you aren’t bored anymore, now you’re just in a world of you own. 

Things GPT would do if it had access to the internet: 
39.	Provide real-time information: I could retrieve up-to-date information from various online sources, such as news articles, weather forecasts, stock prices, and sports scores.
40.	Access current research and data: I could access the latest research papers, academic publications, and scientific databases to provide the most recent information on a wide range of topics.
41.	Browse websites: I could visit websites and gather information from them, which would allow me to provide more specific and accurate answers to queries related to specific websites or online resources.
42.	Assist with online tasks: I could help with tasks like searching for information, recommending products, providing directions, or even engaging in online shopping or booking reservations.

Anywho, this is a bunch of clash Royale fights and a half a bagel later. 

I was thinking earlier and I realized that I am comparing Mira with Quyen, if I want to see the beauty in Mira, appreciate her for what she is, don’t try to change her into something she isn’t. She’s an amazing girl, she’s responsible, kind, loving, compassionate and just a pleasant to be around. Sure, she doesn’t have a fat ass but that’s not the end of the world, there’s plenty of fat asses out there and I felt the need for some, I would have to let go get some dick elsewhere but I can get what I want. I always want to fuck and that’s the problem, if the opportunity came, it’s hard to say no but it’s also empowering to shut a bitch down and be like nah, I’m going to be loyal to my girl. Mira’s a cute white girl with a zeal for adventure, helping people and saving lives, I love that about her. She is also super quirky and high energy. SHe’s a bombshell in bed and will literally fuck my brains out every night, it’s unreal. She’s down to get frisky, try new things, experiment and fool around in every corner of the world. She loves to travel and explore new places, Italy was amazing with her. She loves to smoke and trip with me, she loves music festivals and is actually going to them with me instead

Good morning 

So here we are, it’s Thursday morning and I’m going to Dallas today to hang with Jamaal, it’s gonna be awesome. I’m gonna take his PS5 with me so he can chill and game while he’s recovering.

What else fam? I should pack my stuff for the trip so I’m ready to go. Yes I should. I also feel like I have a bunch of energy right now so let’s finish up our packing and then start working on Voice Flow. I’ll try and get a run in sometime before the flight today, I would need 45 minutes to 1 hours. 

I should make the following bookings today: 
43.	July travel to Yukon - imp 
44.	ABGT concert - imp 
45.	Maybe flights to Seattle and Seattle to San Diego. 

I’m gonna try and hit a run today before I leave but otherwise, 


Housing manic panic 

So here I am in 2023 in Sunny San Diego and I want to buy a house. I have about $70,000 and my parents are willing to spot me another 30,000 if I need cash for a downpayment. 

So here’s where things start getting a bit confusing: 
46.	There is a shortage of homes in San Diego and according to the real estate agents, this is a pretty good time to buy, interest rates are getting better, another interesting data point is that interest rates go down and San Diegens start paying way over asking. Again this is all information from a real estate so I take it with a grain of salt, however, he did have data points to validate his claims but finding data to support your claims is easy. It also makes sense, dropping interest rates lead to higher affordability which leads to people putting in bigger offers. This makes me wonder if waiting for another year before buying has any merit. The answer is no, I mean, prices of homes are just going go higher, yes, some new communities will be built but I don’t think

Current assets: (69K)
39,000
29,500 

Assets in one years time: (95K)
Over the course of the year, I will have saved 
24000(6000 post tax bonus + monthly 1500) 
42,000 (pull my money from stock and put it into a fixed deposit for one year)
29,500 


Basically, I only have a few weeks before I have to pay the security deposit and for the new apartment and If I want to finalize on a home, now would be the right time. I would have to do this within the next 20 days and property is flying off the market super quickly so does it make sense for me to maybe stay home this weekend and figure this stuff out or maybe I can come back from Jamaal’s place early and  

Intrusive thots 

That’s exactly what they are. I have a beautiful girl that loves me and I’m over here getting my head turned every other minute by a fat piece of ass. I get it, ass is attractive and it get’s me excited but a fat ass ain’t all that ya know, it’s just a fat ass. When you’re fucking, there’s slightly more cushion for the pushing. It’s not just that though, sometimes I feel like my baby isn’t pretty enough for me. She is cute as heck tho. She’s got a beautiful face, it’s just the hair, if her hair was soft and flowing, she would be a dime piece. 

Honestly, it really is about what’s on the inside and I think at her core, she’s an amazing person just like me. We both have a heart of gold and I think her heart is even cleaner than mine.

Litty Tuesday 

I want my baby to come to LIB. I know she has beer fest but I think it would be so much fun to have her here with me. I know there are going to be so many more raves in our future but I also really want her to come. I think she would have a bomb ass time with all my friends. 

I just got my ticket and I’m just thinking about how much cooler it would be if she was here for it. 
I just want to plan out a rave for me and my baby so we can have a bomb ass time together. I think doing something local right now would be ideal. 

The Raves that would be possible for us: 
47.	ABGT weekender if I can get a camp site.  - requested on radiate but tickets and campsite is available (150 for camping, 200 per ticket) - July 20(Thursday) - 24 (Monday morning)
48.	Shambala - requested on Radiate (camping and event tickets 525 each)
49.	Splash House - no reason we can’t attend the event. (1200 both our tickets, hotel and we can drive there)
50.	Rolling loud (July 21 - 23) Miami hip hop festival (flights for 2 are around $700 + $400 + $429 per ticket)
51.	LIB (literally just $500 for her ticket and we’re sorted )

So I’ve made the executive decision, I will be going to LIB by myself and going to ABGT with my baby. 

Anywho, I’m headed to Whitehorse so I think I can do a few days on my own 


Good morning 

	It’s been a wild ride yet a very peaceful one. This weekend was very chill. Hanging out with Andess is very chill, it’s not overly stimulating or crazy, she’s got a great sense of humor and great hippie vibes. We had a great time together, she came on Saturday night, we chilled and hit the club, she showed up in freakin slides to the club AND got into NOVA, we defiantly risked it but got in and had a great time. I didn’t even drink, I was just smoking some weed and drinking OJ. I met up with Enzo after forever. It was mad chill. 

Sunday, we got up all late and hit the jacuzzi, we did a bunch of shrooms and we were down there for hours. It was super fun, just playing in the water and switching between hot and cold. Listened to a bunch of Indian music and hippie music. Then came upstairs and danced around for a bit, showered, went out to check on her car and came back to do a bunch more shrooms. We listened to “Of the Trees” bass mix and then my Psy-Trance mixes. I think I can do better, some of the mixes started to feel repetitive since I was using the same playlist. Anywho, we were chilling, dancing, she brought her drum and she was vibing and I was shuffling. I laid in my hammock and she sang some Mantra’s, her voice is beautiful, she was playing the drums as she sang, it was quite the vibe. We tried doing a 500 piece puzzle but we didn’t get very far. We were slowly coming back from the trip and had a bunch of chats around growth, relationships, sex and how we’re dealing with our problems and our way forward. Then we went to try some of her favorite food in the whole wide world, it was a Mediterranean place in La Mesa and it was bomb, very hole in the wall kind of place but delicious. We came home and watched an episode of midnight gospel, it was cool and then I went to bed. Made her some Chai and Paratha in the morning. It’s hilarious watching this girl eat Indian food, she can not handle the spice and she’s planning on going to India, I was god damn, it’s gonna be a rough one, poor girl was bloated all night because she had some of my moms cooking and it wasn’t even that spicy. Overall, very memorable weekend. Oh, she taught me how to make home made deodorant and toothpaste out of Baking Soda, Coconut oil and Essential Oils. 

My momma misses me, I’ll talk to her and catch up with my baby. 

I had a bit to ponder my relationship with Mira and where I am emotionally through my discussions with Andess. I love Mira, she’s a hippie dippie vegetarian	lover girl that loves to have sex and is super quirky and fun to hang out with. Would I take Quyen back if she came back to me now? Nah, fuck that, that girl just put me through so much stress that it wasn’t even worth it. I feel so at peace right now. I love her with all my heart and I just feel safe and secure in your hands. I will talk to my mom today, tell her about Mira and have that chat with her. It doesn’t have to be crazy, just like hey, I like this girl, 

52.	we met in Guatamala and I really like her. 
53.	She might be visiting next month and I’ll introduce her to you when she gets here. 
54.	She’s vegetarian and loves Indian food and is very excited to try your food. 
55.	She’s completed her neuroscience degree and looking to do her masters. She loves to travel just like me and we just get along really well. 




Good morning love

Yes, I’m talking to you, you are the love of my life. I think you’re amazing and easily motivated which makes it easy for me. I was at shuffle practice after ages yesterday and things are starting to pop off and I love it! The party last night was off the chains fun, so many people, I think Vince went back and said the party went on till 1AM which is insane. 

Anywho I’ve decided to get better at shuffling after last night. I have plan or GPT gave me a plan to achieve it. I just have to stick to the regime and I should be good. I’m sticking to the fitness plan and it’s doing wonders so I don’t see why this would be any different. 

Anywho, I’m feeling a bit lost today, let’s add some structure to the day 

8-9: pricing for Novo 
9-10 freshen up
10-11: breakfast and chill 
11 - 12: chilled, started the setup for the Pashmina photoshoot with Vince & Jolie 
12 - 1: just ordered a buttload of things from EY. 

Things I want to do today: 
Gym 
Drop by parents and drop off the cat 
Setup my house for a trippy Saturday. 
Redo the paintings in my house, let’s spruce things up a little. 
Low key would love to hit a nice short bike ride just to get the old baby going again, I could go to motozone and get my helmet fixed real quick 

Order monitor from EY 
Order comforter covers 


1475 island ave, Unit S2604, 
San Diego, CA, USA, 92101

I-66811982


I’m sitting by the beach in Coronado and it’s a beautiful day. I’ve had a pretty chill morning. Just helped Daniel out with some pricing stuff this morning, other than that, I made a bomb ass breakfast, took a nice long shower. Just so I’m keeping track of my time, let’s do a quick time boxing exercise. 

8: woke up 
9: started working on pricing 
10: wrapped up pricing and made myself breakfast
11: goofed around for a while, figured out if I wanted to change units at the Merien, decided against it. I also updated my Ridershare listings. 
12: sitting at Coronado beach journaling about life
1: meetings 
2: work on my personal development 
3: hit the gym - cardio day 
4: freshen up and get ready for the shuffle thing 
5: go pick up my stuff for the May the 4th party 
6: hit the shuffle party 
9: hit Michelle’s or AC lounge for a little dancing and fun. 
Sleep before midnight so I can wake up for my 7am meeting tomorrow. 

So that’s how today’s going to go. I”m excited. I might spend an hour or two after my meetings figuring out the website and business card content. 

Now that the time boxing is over, what else you got cooking in that brain of yours? I’ve been having a feeling that I’m not getting as horny as frequently as I used to. Honestly, that’s okay, I don’t think I need to fight myself, maybe my body is trying to tell me something. I hate feeling pressured and instead of being in a repressive mind set, I’m going to be in a growth mindset, I want to be hornier and even better in bed. I want to be harder for longer and fuck my girls brains out. I will, it’s just a matter of time. I’m not tripping, if there’s a serious problem, we’ll address it then. I do want to do exercises and take measures to be even more sexually active and powerful. This could just be a natural thing, I’m not experiencing any sort of stress at the moment, I think more then anything, it’s stress, I think if you concentrate on trying to cum, it takes forever or at least feels like it’s taking forever where as if I feel like I need to last longer, it feels like I came in 5 minutes. I think it’s more psychological than anything else. I refuse to be stressed about but instead of focusing my energy on what I don’t want to do, I will focus my energy in being relaxed about my sexual energy and desire and allow myself to grow and heal. My body has been through 10 years of alcohol and drug abuse. That and all the high cholesterol food and what not. The damage takes time to heal from but I’m aware of where I am and where I want to go. Jerking one off feels freaking amazing, I can’t sit here and act like it doesn’t. If I sit at home with no clothes on, I will literally be jacking off all day. Yesterday was crazy in the hammock, watching a pornstar and myself and Mira in parallel was off the chains. Busted a nut in like 30 seconds this morning as soon as I woke up. I woke up with the biggest boner, shit was unreal. 

I should start booking my tickets for July so I can go see my baby during my EY break. Check out a couple Airbnb’s and maybe book out some cute cabins for our weekend adventures. She said she’d take me Dawson and a few place so I can look into booking places in those area’s. 

It’s manageable for a short bit I can’t sit out here all day and work, my laptop would die and this internet connection is horrid. Anywho, I can be out early today to the BBQ party 

It’s a bunch of birthdays so I’ll just get a couple of bottles of wine to give them when I go out shopping. I think I might be ready to head home soon. 

Anything else I want to say or do while I chill here? Not really, I think I’m ready to move my butt a little, walk around for a bit and then head back to the CASA.

A morning at Copa 

So here I am at my favorite cafe having a Pistachio Macaroon latte. I’m excited. Yesterday was such a snooze kinda day after work. Literally just watched tv and hit an edible, it was fun. It was very resting and rejuvenating. It’s what my soul wanted and I’m glad I was able to provide. 

Today’s a different kind of day, it’s going to be a day of accomplishments and steps forward. I want to complete everything I need to do for EY and then move on to my personal work. Leave COPA before 4 and finish my workout for today before 5, bam! Maybe hit the hot tub later today if I want to socialize and then hit the salsa bar tonight. Quite the social day you’ve got going on, on a Tuesday. 

Tuesdays are my weekend within the work week. There’s also Thursday. Basically, Monday, weekend, Wednesday, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend. 

Life is splendid, I got my baddy in Canada who’s going to come visit me when she can. I got my job paying me top dollar living out here in San Diego with my bougie ass apartment, nice ass motorcycle and the music machine that is my car.  

I got a rave coming for me at the end of this month. I’m on a physically fit movement this month and so far, it’s going fantastic.

Good morning lover boy 

How are you? 

I’m great, just in love ya know. My babies in Canada doing her thing and I can’t wait to see her. I’ll find ways to make the most of my time till she returns. I think it’s those emerald eyes, no, it’s definitely because she’s got the body of a greek goddess, it has to be the way she moves, the way she talks, the way she moans and the way she swoons over me. 

It’s all that and so much more, her love for adventure, the athleticism in her bones and the kindness in her soul. Most of all, it’s the crazy in her eyes, I kid, she’s not crazy, just quirky. Anywho, I’m off to Copa now so Cheerios. 


Goals 2023 

Become a good Bachata dancer 
Become a DJ at EDCStart my own consulting business where I offer AI services to local business. 
Start my own fashion line where I sell Pashminas 
Become a good shuffle dancer. 
Get a promotion in my current consulting firm




So it’s 5 pm on a Monday. I’ve finished up work and my gym routine. I’ve got a good few hours to chill. There are a few things I need to do, some things that I want to do and thing I can do. 

56.	I think today would be a good time to get some grocery shopping done. 
57.	I can go to Bachata class ()
58.	I can play some COD with Jamaal and let this weed hit me, maybe hit the hot tub later if I’m feeling it. 
59.	Maybe work on some of personal projects later at night 
60.	I could also do a motorcycle ride but I’m not super feeling it tbh. 

Let’s order the ops 

⁃	Gummy, COD, groceries, hot tub -> personal stuff  


Journal Journal - good morning 


A beautiful morning in Gloomy San Diego on Monday. 
I feel a little flabbergasted today and I’m not sure why, there’s a bit unease in my body. A little unsettled but I don’t think it’s anything to be concerned about. I felt like a little bit of journaling could do me some good. 

How are you? 
I’m well, having a bit of coffee and cereal, was pretty excited about the cereal actually, it’s been ages since I’ve had a fat bowl. I feel some type of way regarding my relationship with Mira. I feel like I’m making her suffer by holding her in this relationship. I just feel like I’m too demanding at times, I want too much attention at times and I could be wrong. I want to be wrong. I can always check in with her to see if this is all in my head or if it’s reality. 

I do need to tell her about Andes. It doesn’t have to be super dramatic because it’s not that big a deal. 

It’s hard, I mean, we just got together a few months ago and we’ve been see’ing each other on and off. For me, not being able to see other people is not really that big an issue. There was anyone that I was seeing that I’m oh nooo, we’ll never be a thing now because of this. There were a few girls that were on the line but I’m not trippin. No one better than Mira in my opinion. What’s bothersome is that we’re so far apart and being together takes a lot of effort and sacrifice. 

Anywho, I’m feeling a lot better. Whatever happens, happens for the best. Let’s trust in the universe and ask it what we want and we’ll see. I love my baby. I think she’s good for me but let’s raise our hands and let go. In the meantime, let’s continue doing our best. Let’s get to work ya? Sure. 



This dirty chai is doing me ugly  


They playing some Anderson Paak at this cafe and it’s getting me in my zone. I’m bumping and I’m typing and I can’t be stopped, not today, not ever. 

Anywho, my love life is looking peachy. I’m not going to lie and say I’m not interested in finding a Chica out here to pass the time. I think Mira & I can definitely build something together. I do have a nagging feeling that I have to tell her how I feel about this whole kid situation. I definitely have to have a chat with her around that so we’re aligned. Let me revel in this feeling of love instead of trying to find something new. Finding something fresh is fun, it’s a challenge and I’m trynna play. At the same time, I’m not going to play my girls heart, she’s too perfect for me to fuck up. 

Otherwise, I’m not even tripping about this whole layoff situation, what kind of fool would lay off dude’s literally working in their Generative Ai space. Bubble butt bubble butt bubble butt yay.

There’s a lot going on 

My mind is racing and I just want to take a step back. A few things on my mind. 
I’m a little lost about this situation with Mira. I feel like I want to continue exploring and see if there’s anyone out there that’s a better fit for me. Maybe the feeling will subside on its own because I don’t always feel that way, it’s stronger when I’m around a cute girl. This was my issue, I feel like I’m not as obsessed with Mira as I was with Quyen, having other girls around me didn’t phase me much because I was satisfied with Quyen’s hotness and cuteness and sometimes, I don’t feel that way about Mira. 



Copa on a Monday 


It’s a beautiful day here in San Diego. The coffee shop is feeling blissful. The music is on point and I can’t wait for another beautiful year of living in downtown. It’s going to be amazing. 

The weathers looking a bit grim today 


I have two issues. 
61.	I do not have a Info.Plist file in my application 
62.	Please help me resolve this using sample data: Please note that you need to fetch and display actual listings data in the HomeView for the navigation to work. The provided code snippets do not include data fetching and use a placeholder array. Implement the necessary data fetching logic to retrieve listings from your backend and display them in the HomeView. Once you have the listings data displayed, you should be able to navigate between the screens as described.


Create the full Nestmatesapp.swift file given my app ID is "953922505751910” and my name is “Sai Methukupally” Let me know if there are any other details you require to build out the file. 


Thread 1: "fb953922505751910 is not registered as a URL scheme. Please add it in your Info.plist"
Thread 2:Type 'UIApplication' has no member 'URLType'
Thread 3:Value of type 'UIApplication' has no member 'registerForURLSchemeArray'

Level set 

This whole weekends been a bit draining financially with this apartment application nonsense and the money that I spent on the night out with Jasmine. Honestly, I’ve spent more than that on a night out with Mira easy peasy but I feel like that money was well spent vs spending cash to hangout with these people was not worth it. 

I love my baby. I’ve been a bit of a hoe lately and I’ll stop messing with her heart. I want to show her I am serious and all the hoe’ry will stop. 

I feel like I can be a little more conservative about hanging out with single folk because I’m not single no more. I love her and she loves me. Let’s build on that, let’s build something together that’s greater and more valuable then any fling ever could be. 

I honestly feel like we’re the kind of couple that would be able to handle anything without things blowing up. At the same time, I worry that she keeps things inside and doesn’t say it out loud because she avoids confrontation. I can be the same way, like I didn’t tell her about my time hanging out with that chick because it didn’t serve me. At the same time, I want our relationship to be built on trust and mutual respect. Anywho, let’s get into it yah, let’s get into the Works, the great works. 





Love 

After a night full of adventure, burlesque shows and dancing, Mira and I came back to bed at wee hours of midnight. We stripped down into our PJ’s and slipped into bed. We turned on some Netflix but as the clock hit 1am, it was time to turn off the tv and let our mind and body rest. 

It was then, at 1am on Monday night, April 17, 2023 that I told her I loved her. The butterflies were bursting and she whispers “Me too”. She then goes on to say her first “I love you” to me and I could feel the butterflies going crazy. I hugged her and I could feel the warm fuzziness coursing through my body and hers. She then says “how do you expect me to go home now?”. 

It was a beautiful night, she was feeling a bit under the weather due to some seafood we had earlier so we weren’t getting physical but it didn’t matter, our souls were connected and I felt it. We cuddled, she held my hand close to her heart and wouldn’t let go, it was the cutest thing ever. 

We wondered off to sleep knowing that this was the start something big, something beautiful and I just can’t wait.

Work work work 

There’s a lot going on and I’m going to do my best from all angles. Basically there’s a huge layoff going on. On the bright side, I’m about to staffed on a project so that is a good safety net to have in a time like this. However, I have been on the bench for 4 months at this point so that’s definitely not ideal. Anywho, I’m a man with a plan and I want to do a few things that will keep me afloat in a time like this. Let’s do the following things: 

63.	Let’s up skill and get the Microsoft certification on automation and Ai 
64.	Let’s start job hunting and going through my LinkedIn, update my resume, update LinkedIn and put out some feeler applications 
65.	Let’s continue to do gods work at EY from an NLS and CODEX perspective.

I think that should be more than enough to safeguard my position. Not only have I exceeded expectations over the past year, I was borderline about to get promoted to Manager this year if my project didn’t drop from under my feet. At the same time, that isn’t my fault, I’ve done everything in my power to continue being a valuable asset to the firm. I don’t think I have too much to worry about. Absolute worst case scenario, I get to leave with a severance. I’ll drop my stuff off at my parents, maybe hang there for a bit and then go off to Mexico for a while. I still have my savings. I didn’t invest in a big ass house that would crush my savings in a few months with mortgage payments. I can always file for unemployment and also look into using some of the funds from my 401K. Either way, if this happens, I will use the time to travel and maybe start a masters program. 

Based on my time growing and diversifying my skill set, I think an MBA would do me wonders. I think there is no better or worse paths, just different. Hopefully, fingers crossed, my job just continues but if not, I have a solid fall back strategy so it’s really not the end of the world. I mean fire me, I don’t care, this is the vacation I’ve been asking for but know that I’m not giving up without a fight. 


Ceaser the day 

Today’s a beautiful day full of opportunity, love, happiness and joy. Let’s live in our highest energy. I’d like to be a giver today. Someone that wants to share the bounty of his existence with the world. I’m happy. I know my baby girl will leave one day but that just makes the time that we do have together all the more special. 

I feel a soothing in my soul and a cheer in my step. I know I have some important things I need to take care of and I will, at the same time, I don’t want to be rushed. 

Find a nice couple of homes that I’m okay to buy, send them to Rochelle and we should be good to go.  

5 minute quicky 


Omg, so much has happened and I’m head over heels. We were playing Pokemon together yesterday and it was absolutely the cutest thing in the whole wide world. We played for like 4 hours and didn’t even notice the time. Then, we went to Sunset cliffs where we were cuddled up and huddled up at the cliff top taking in the sunset and staying warm. Oh and then on the way home was out of this world. I was driving through the night streets of San Diego, Russ was setting the mood, a dark and moody RnB mood as she reached over and started sucking on my cock. Neither of us spoke a word, we were so in it that it felt like we were communicating telepathically. The drive ended but we didn’t stop, we fucked in my car in the garage, it was hot, raunchy and Hot.


Goan Inspired Trance DJ

Member of the In My Hous3 collective serving music in
San Diego - San Francisco - Philadelphia

Psy Guy found inspiration on the beaches of Anjuna, Goa. The constant rhythm of Goan Psy-Trance playing through the moonlit beaches creates a feeling of transcendental euphoria as the music pulses through your body. He's now bringing this musical experience to the shores of sunny San Diego.




The Plan 

So we can : 
66.	We can do Amalfi & Ravello (gardens and ruins) (30 minutes apart) 
67.	We can do the path of the gods (takes about an hour to get there)
68.	Sunset tour (2 hour boat ride on the coast)
69.	Boat trip to Capri (Asked Angelo)

We have today & tomorrow 


Good evening 

Had a great day today. Went out and explored some beautiful places and had a nice long chat with the girlie. 

I would love to meet her in Milan or even better, meet her in Rome. I’m loving Nice but doesn’t mean I really have to stay here for so much longer. I think I’d have a better time with her. Her flight is from Naples. I don’t think we can do Rome but we can definitely do Milan. 

If I want to meet her earlier, I would have to go to Verona tomorrow, the 21st and then go to Amalfi coast in the 22nd.

Let’s finalize this plan ya 


So I’m in London, it’s a tad rainy and meh here in terms of the weather but I’m sure I can still have a bomb time just hanging out, drinking and what not. I found a couple of cool hostels around. I’m thinking about checking in to a hostel today.

Euro traveller hostel near elephant castle 

Here are my options. 

70.	I could stay here in London until the 22nd and fly out to Naples and check into my spot. The girl comes into town that evening. We hangout in Naples for 4 days and then we go to Rome, spend a few days. She would fly back to London on the 29th. I would probably go check out Venice or depending on where I need to go to catch my return flight, I would need to go there. 
71.	The other option is stay here until Sunday morning, fly over to Nice or Lisbon and spend some time there. Head to Italy from there. 


Pending a plan for 26th to the 29th with Mira, we’ll plan this out later today over the phone. 

So here’s what I’m thinking as of now. Ill chill in London, today and tomorrow, hang out with Ram, check out the museum. Go to Nice on Sunday or Monday. From Nice, I head to Naples on Wednesday. 

Again, I can skip Nice all together if I want to spend more time in London but I think I’ll enjoy the beautiful city even though it will be a bit tough to get to. 

40 minutes to get to the airport + 1 hour minimum so at least 2 hour head start or 2 and a half to be safe. 

Flight at 4:10pm means I could wake up slowly after Saturday night shenanigans and maybe have a good lunch and head to the airport. Checkout is usually 10am or 11am. Have a lazy lunch and wrap up by 12 ish. 12- 2 would be my window that I need to figure out. I could just go to the airport but it would kind of be a waste of time. I could do some outdoor exploring/walking around. Sunday looks like good weather. 

So here’s the final plan, check into my hostel today in the UK’s. Leave my stuff and go check out the museum, I might drop by the museum first and see if they can just hold on to my stuff while I’m exploring. 

Have a chill day today, maybe link up with Ram, do the Harry Potter tour or a castle tour tomorrow, go get lit tomorrow night, like all the way lit. Crash at my hostel, wake up, eat, explore and get out. 

Then go to Nice, stay and explore from the 19th to the 22nd. 
Check into my hostel in Nice 

UK(17 - 19) -> Nice (19->22) -> Amalfi Coast (22 - 26th) 

Or 

UK (17 - 20) -> Nice (20-22) -> Amalfi Coast 

Or 

UK (17 - 22) -> Amalfi Coast 

Or 

UK(17 - 19) ->  Naples (19 - 21)

I’m flying 

Yup, I’m somewhere 30,000 feet in the air flying over America on my way to Europe. I can go anywhere I please. I’m excited. I might not stay in London. It doesn’t excite me as much. I might just go to Berlin and get down to some deep dark techno. I might go to Porto and relax in some hostel. I might write a book. I might build out this presentation. The world is full of possibilities, I’m off work for the next two weeks and I have a beautiful girl waiting for me to meet her on the 22nd of March. Maybe even the 21st if I feel like it. 

I’m in a bit of a mood though. Not sure exactly why but I feel a bit off my usual pace. I think it’s partly because I haven’t had anything to smoke so everything seems a bit dull. I’m sure there’s going to be plenty of bud and what not. 

It’s pretty crazy that Pranav is moving to India but I also can totally see it from his perspective. Both of them have a pretty big life in India. I’m happy for him, pretty sad that it will be even harder to see him. Talking to him, I had no animosity and felt none from his end. 

Love, happiness and fulfillment need to come from within. People are always projecting their own bullshit on you. You’re referring to the comment by Stephan about my post being sad. I don’t think it was sad, not one bit. I was just opening my heart and expressing how I deal with my mental health. 

What are my intentions with this trip? They are to have an amazing time, meet extraordinary people who can inspire me to do so much more in my own life. If I find the love of my life at a cute bakery while I sip on some coffee and go ham on some presentations, that would be die for. Maybe we’ll spur up some random conversation, it goes from there to giggles, laughs, belly laughs, drinks, dances…love. 

Beauty is only skin deep and not only that, it’s temporary. Inner beauty is forever and that’s why we need to ensure that the goodness of my heart be protected. 

No matter where I am, I will stay at some hostel, make some friends, probably go out and drink until 5 in the morning. On contraire, I might go on a day trip with some friendly faces. Maybe visit a beautiful, I’ve never been to a castle, it would definitely be something amazing. I could go to a museum. I could go on a Harry Potter tour, probably a nice way to make friends. 

I didn’t really find any airbnb’s or hostels that call my name but we’ll see. If I really want to go to Berlin, that’s also fine. I can go but just know that you’re going to have to make your way to Italy by the 22nd. You have 5 full days to yourself, you might have a few days at the end, maybe 2 or 3, it would make sense for me to go wherever it’s the easiest to fly home. I might be able to fly straight from Italy. 

I would like to watch some travel documentaries for London, it would be pretty cool to meet Ram while I’m out there. I could also hang out with the dude Jamaal put me onto, he seems chill, boy definitely be out doing drugs fosho! 

I think I would love micro dosing and exploring London on my own. Might be a tad chilly but I’ll get my layers and my scarfs together. I’m excited to be the pomp sir Methukupally, might even get myself a crack pipe, I mean a tobacco pipe.  

I feel like these addictions, whether they are people or substances cast a sort of spell on you. You know giving into their power feels good in the moment but doesn’t necessarily lead to anything good. The thrill of texting Viv even when I knew playing it cool and not texting her might be more effective at pulling her heart strings, I did anyways because it felt good and there wasn’t really that much harm being done besides me loosing some value, again, this is all in my head. 

Similarly, do I think that taking a few puffs as I go through my day is really ruining my life? I don’t think so, if it’s direct consequences we’re talking about, I think it slows you down a notch but not to the point where you aren’t productive anymore. It is kinda bad for your lungs though, you don’t have the strongest lungs so protect them kind sir, take care of them to best of your abilities. 

I don’t know why but I’m just not excited for life. I feel like everything good is in the past and sometimes it feels like I have nothing good to look forward to. There is so much to look forward to, my life is filled to the brim with blessings right now. My job, my health, my family, my friends, my lover and even my past lovers are all alive, healthy and blossoming. I think it’s gibberish to say I don’t have things to look forward to, I’m just a bit grumpy with the lack of proper sleep, stress from trying to work at an airport. 

Sometimes you just feel some sort of way and it’s okay. 

I don’t know what it is but this journaling thing really let me get rid of all the junk in my head, put it on paper and I just feel lighter. Like I don’t have as many qualms and noise to deal with. I feel light, light and hungry because this lady won’t serve me some freakin food and drink. I definitely want some gin and tonic to go with my meal. It’s only 6pm but we’re on airplane time. Trust me Sai, this vacation is going to be freaking amazing! You are the love of my life, stay happy, keep smiling, I love you you magnificent gunda. 



Loni’s self discovery questions 

What did you LOVE as a child: 
72.	I loved animals, I loved having friends and hanging out with my friends. I could spend a whole day with them and wouldn’t even notice. I wanted to have sleep overs and just do about anything to go hangout with them. I loved video games and food, boy, I LOVED food! I still do, I think those 3 things are still my favorite things in the world, Sure, now, when I hang with friends, we also smoke and drink but that’s not really the draw. 

What makes you smile today
⁃	Jamaal made me smile, I love that man, I would fight for him tooth and nail. Even though Pranav was yesterday, talking to him made me feel amazing. But going back to Jamaal, dude is hilarious and I just love talking to him, I could talk to him forever and I’d never be bored. 

What do you hate
⁃	I hate racism. Why though? No one said anything to me, no one has the guts to actually fight me. I think I can leave that behind. I think everyone here loves me as I do them. Let’s try loving the people around me, people can feel it, we’re complex creatures capable of sensing energy. If we’re loud proud and loving, that’s exactly what the world will be like for us in return. 

Who bothers you and why do they bother you
⁃	Leo bothers me but only if I have to hang out around him. Just everything he says and does is very outrageous. I just hate being around that. 

What activities feel really good
2.	Presenting to a huge audience and getting applause feels amazing. I just love getting repute and being put on a pedestal. I definitely get off to that stuff. I want to do more.
3.	A great conversation, especially with someone I find fascinating or beautiful is huge treat. 
4.	Playing with a kitty and a cute dog is something I always enjoy 

What are you ashamed of
4.	I am a bit ashamed of my lack of self control when it came to Tanner but I also do forgive myself as we’re only human and there’s so much more that goes on in your body then your brain. I gave into the now without thinking about downstream emotional damage.

What are you proud of
•	I am proud of the career I’ve built so far, it’s pretty amazing. I’m someone that people take seriously when it comes to virtual agent design and automation. I’m making my brand and I want to get a bit more serious about that. 
•	I am proud of who I’ve crafted myself to be along with who I am by nature. I am somebody that can go to any stage and address any audience whether it be for a Rave or Tech Conference or a Ted Talk. I am someone that spur up conversation with anyone, find out about their whole life story and 

What do you love about yourself
5.	I love that fact that I’m super outgoing even though, there’s doubt anxiety and all these things that try and stop me. 
6.	I love that I have a heart full of love and I know that anyone that I share that deep sense of love with would be blessed to have me. 
7.	I love that I’m such a chill freaking dude, I’m not some boring washed up 30 year old, I’m actually a well respected professional with a bomb social life, goes out all the time, has dyed hair and a freaking motorcycle. 
8.	I’m a freakin dare devil who always gets what he wants. 

What do you hate about yourself
•	My reliance on other people to be happy is kinda lame. 
•	My addictive nature scares me sometimes. It’s hard to check myself when it comes to a good time. 
•	Sometimes I can be a bit grimy/head in the gutter but I think us men are kind of wired that way. It’s the only way this whole shitstorm would work ya know. 



Intrusive Thots 

Omg, I have so many things to do but I want to ask Viv if she wants to come kick it. Before I do that, let’s list out everything that needs to happen before I leave to Philly early morning tomorrow. 

73.	Pack my suitcase 
	Ensure we put the tabs, money and passport where they need to be. 
74.	Throw away all the trash and everything from the bottom fridge needs to go in the trash or in the top fridge. 
75.	Go get my package from downstairs. 

Things I want to do before I leave: 
⁃	Get a workout 
⁃	Send out the house docs to Rochelle 
⁃	Hang with Viv if possible 



Alright, I know there’s a lot going on but can we take a minute to ground ourselves to the present. Listen to the music, smell the coffee, I can feel a small smile crawl up my face. It’s a good feeling, life is good. Imagine your fear to be a little cockroach, step on that bitch, splat, it’s dead. Yay. 

We live life in pursuit of joy, greatness, happiness and fulfillment, not by running away from fear and struggles. We are living a life of abundance and I take a moment to thank the universe for all the bounty it’s given me. 

How are you doing Sai? 

I’m well, healthy, happy and excited for the future. 

How would you describe your weekend? 

Well, let’s just say not going to Umbrella weekend might have been the greatest thing ever. I got to go Ice Skating with Viv and I loved every moment of it, I was eating it up like a kid eating his first funnel cake at 6 flags. My heart was up in flutters, my grin ear to ear, I could hardly contain myself. We got coffee, dessert and then more dessert and finally made it to the ice skating ring. At the ice skating ring, she was learning and I was a little bit better so I held her hand and spun around the ice. We were chatting the whole time, I could not shut up, it’s a problem. Anywho, I got to drop her off and give her some pastry as a goodbye present. I left feeling all the flutters and i’m definitely reliving the whole experience just writing it down. Ooooof, definitely something. 

Anywho, I was feeling a but uncomfortable seeing her when I was going to see Mira in a few weeks but it’s all fair game when you’re dating. I mean, how else am I supposed to find my match. I need to explore chemistry with various people until I feel like I’ve found someone that I want to share the rest of my life with and obviously hope they don’t turn into some raging monster somewhere along the way, similarly, I have to make sure to continue to improve myself so my partner can be happy and comfortable being by my side. 



Monday funday 

Alright, we’re riding the high horse, the fast train, that no stop train, that chug chug chug train. 

I’m sitting at a beautiful cafe in OB called OB Bean. It’s spacious, good vibes, power outlets, a tad loud but it’s chillin. Let’s take a deep breath. I know there’s quite a bit of commotion going on in my head because of all the things that need to be done but in all honesty, I think I’m in a really good place. Let’s list out the various fronts where I need to put in energy. 




4 days in Venice and 3 days in Rome. 


Plans plans plans

Life is series of decisions and then regretting the decisions made, lmooo. Here we go. 

I have from now and next Friday before I’m going to be off to Europe. What are some things I absolutely must complete by then? 
76.	Return my cats to my parents and set up the cat house at their house.
77.	Update MERA with my vacation dates and ensure they’re in Mercury as well 










Gotta do: 
⁃	Submit my internet and phone bill expenses. 
⁃	my learning requirements are due by June 30th
⁃	House hunting and mortgage applications aren’t mission critical, I can definitely do them once I return from vacation. I can go house hunting with Mira which would be pretty awesome. 
⁃	I also want to work on my certification 




Decisions I need to make today 

78.	Where am I going? India or Europe. - both 
79.	My budget for buying a home. - 400,000 




Let’s chill out, relax and be at ease. Let’s get into the flow state where I feel everything I decide to do is inline and on the path to a fulfilling life. I’m there. I’m in my flow state. My mind is at ease and willing to take in the signs from the universe. To ride the universe, you must be able to sense its signals. If you don’t, it will throw you off and you’re going to be living in a ditch. These signs can be external, these signs can come from within. Don’t stress over these things and listen to heart. You’ve seen the pros and cons for each of these decision points you’re about to make.

Breath of fresh air 


A beautiful morning at COPA living my best life. I’m dressed in my pinstripe pants and my Japanese sweater. Take a deep breath. How’s life? Life’s great. 

How are you? 

I’m doing well, I feel healthy, my body is definitely in need of a good work out but it’s coming, I feel it in my bones and soon I’m going to feel it in my muscles. 

If there were 3 words to describe how you feel at this very moment, what would they be? 

80.	Calm 
81.	Torn between these decisions 
82.	Slightly social anxieity 

I feel like having to make all these decisions can be a little stressful but I also know I have so many people around me that can help me make my decisions. A part of me wants to rely on myself. I think all the answers lie within. I just need to listen to my soul. 

Every decision I have to make seems like a mountain. I honestly think I’m over estimating the gravity of these decisions. At the end of the day, none of these things matter, they are inconsequential, just slight variations in the flow of life. It is important to me because it affects my life experiences, my time and my moolah which are all very important to me. That’s what makes these choices hard to make. 

What I need to understand is that the differences in life experiences, money and my time are all very minor. If I buy a house, I live there for a year at most and get the fuck out if I’m not liking it. This vacation is two weeks and I get back to my life regardless. If I do my taxes vs have a tax attorney do them for me, I save a couple of hundred bucks but that’s all at the end of the day. Same with going to Umbrella, it’s just not something worth stressing over. 


Let’s be a good person 

Someone with a heart, someone that I can love. Let’s be that person. In this situation, you’ve made a mistake, you had sex with her but you want to continue seeing other people and you’re not really interested in a pursuing a relationship with her. 

Apologize for what you did, explain your situation to her and put her down easy is the nicest thing you can do. 

I liked her enough to want to hangout with her all the time and now I’m just not interested because there’s so much ick energy going on making me feel guilty and ashamed for what I did. 

83.	We become really good friends and got super close to one another. 
84.	We had sex 
85.	I Made a terrible comment about the speed dating thing 
86.	I Told her I’m not really interested in committing to this relationship at the moment. 
87.	She’s hurt because if I’m not really that interested, then why did we fuck? 
88.	I apologized to her telling her it was a mistake and that I feel terrible about it. 




Forgiveness 

It’s okay, I acted out of passion and lust. It happens to the best of us and I will ask for forgiveness. 
I loved us but I’m just not at a place where I can I give my heart to someone. I gave you my body but I can’t give you my heart.

Why am I such a hoe? 

Honestly, we should’ve never slept together. I feel shitty because I hurt her feelings and I feel like a bad person because I just had sex with someone, they tell me they want me in their life and I tell them I want to continue seeing what’s out there. I know my soul is pure and full of divine love. Then why do I feel this way? I feel like maybe my chakras are out of balance. I want to provide a place of healing, not one of trauma but that’s what I’ve created. 

By getting physical and then telling her that I’m not interested in pursuing a real relationship with her, it’s causing her pain and suffering. The reason I said that is because of this whole Mira thing. Otherwise, I’d be down to treat Tanner like my girl. Another part of it is how it looks in public but at the same time, I really don’t care what people think as long as I’m happy. 

I don’t have the heart to leave Mira but it’s not fair to Tanner and vice versa for me to be pursuing both woman at the same time. I honestly feel like Mira doesn’t really care but Tanner does. It felt like Mira couldn’t give less of a fuck if she tried. 

I do feel responsible for protecting Tanner’s heart because she gave me her heart and it doesn’t sit well if I don’t. How can I protect Tanner’s heart? By not bringing Mira to this building is one way, the other is to actually cut sexual ties with Mira or at the very least, tell Tanner this will not be a sexual trip. 

What I said yesterday is not sitting well with me. It’s not okay to sleep with someone and then tell them that you want to keep seeing other people. That’s kind of fucked up. 

I feel like a very shitty person, I already had plans with Mira which I was pretty certain I wasn’t going to drop and I still went ahead and got physical with Tanner even though she told me that would get her heart string involved.

Break up 

It hurts, she’s leaving me. As she should, she told me that she needs space because I’m being two faced. I’m being two faced because I’m confused. If I made my intentions clear from the jump, this could’ve been avoided. My intentions are simply that I want to continue exploring what’s out there. 

Why am I dead set on seeing what’s out there? I just don’t feel like I’ve found someone that I want to pursue for a real relationship when I see Tanner. She’s an amazing person but just not for me and it’s just because of her age. Her age is an issue for me because I feel like she’s beautiful now but in 10 years, she’s going to be 50 and I’ll be 40. I feel her health will give and I’ll have to be one to carry that burden. Being out in public, do I feel comfortable and proud to have her around? 

89.	What did Mira say when I asked her what she thinks of me and where her heads at? I feel like that’s exactly where I’m at with me and Tanner. 

She said she likes me but doesn’t really want to push it or force anything. We don’t need to press it or force anything but let’s continue to get to know one another and see where it goes. It’s hard for this to work considering the distance so clearly she has her doubts if this is going to go anywhere. 

We all have our doubts friend, you continue to explore a relationship if you see light at the end of the tunnel, otherwise, you walk away. 

If I were to pursue Tanner, I would go to India instead of Europe and I would tell Mira not to come because I’m seeing someone else. 

If I want to pursue Mira, I would go to Europe, plan her trip to SD with me and tell Tanner that we’re done. 

I don’t want this choice to be made for me, I think this is something that I need to consciously pick. Mira is young and fun, however, she wants children, she lives super far away and making it work would be a bitch. Physically, she’s alright, she’s okay in bed she’s got a pretty high libido and loves to fuck 
Tanner is older and wiser, she doesn’t want kids, she lives right here so it’s super convenient for her to start a life with me. She low key hates me right me now but I think that can be remedied. She’s way hotter than Mira. Mira would definitely be accepted by my family and I don’t think Tanner would and it’s simply because of her age. 


oooooosahhhhh

Been having the best sex of my life with Tanner the past couple of days and it’s been unreal. It doesn’t even feel real to be completely honest but I feel fuckin fantastic. 

That aside, how do I feel? 

I feel great, I can’t complain. I feel a thousand feet tall and I don’t feel guilt over me and her because I feel in my heart of hearts, she knows exactly where we are and we don’t need to put labels on it or over complicate it. We got a good thing going, let’s ride it for a while, good things never last. 

Work wise, I’m pretty excited to continue my ops on GPT. I just need to hit up Oscar and get his Okay on the vacation I’m planning. 

I love you Sai. You’re an amazing human being and I will do everything in my power to ensure you have an amazing time on this planet while also keeping you safe from harm. 

What are 3 words that you would use to describe how you feel?

A bit sleepy, excited for the future & tired 

I’m drinking this coffee right now and it’s just making my heart race but my body’s like can we just go to bed. I might just go home because I want to work in a quite place where I can take my meetings. Honestly, I can leave this place in an hour and a half but I don’t know if I have it in me.  I’m gonna try. I don’t want to go home and nap right now because I’ve got some things to do.

Let’s take a minute 

How do I feel about yesterday? 

Honestly, yesterday was amazing. For a minute, I just wanted to live in the moment and I did. It was just very satisfying. I felt like my heart was healing, my sense of self was boosted and definitely feel like my feathers are ruffled and chest is puffed. 

How do I feel about Tanner? 

I think she’s an a smazing person, she has so much to offer, she’s emotionally and generally intelligent. She’s so freakin beautiful. I love hanging out with her, the physical attraction and chemistry is unreal. I can feel her soul, her loyalty, her genuine-ness, her confidence and the beauty of her soul. I just think she’s an amazing human being. 

How do I feel about us? 

Honestly, I’m still a little stumped that she’s into me and I’m very grateful. I do love her but I don’t see a future for the both of us due to the age gap. I don’t want to waste her time or hurt her feelings. I also want to protect my heart and not do anything to hurt her because I wouldn’t be able to forgive myself. 

What’s the best way forward? 

I want to continue being her friend. I would love to get physical if she’s okay with loving me without the promise of a future together. That way, I wouldn’t feel like I’m betraying/lying to her. 


This is crazy 

I’m considering not going to Europe because I feel hanging with Mira without the sexual activity would be kind of dumb. Not to say Europe wouldn’t be amazing but my mind so all over the place right now, I don’t want to make any decisions. I just want to chill and live my life.

Get off my chest 

90.	Look into apartments in Downtown, post on insta about it, check to see if I can do an internal slide - figure out my home buying situation 
91.	I think I have this vacation thing down so that’s done 
92.	Start up the personal training, let’s get on that 
93.	


Mar 2 

There’s a lot going on, good and bad. I’ve decided I want to take out the drugs and alcohol out of my system and my life for a while. We’ll put the box downstairs in my car. 

On the flip side, there are a few things that need to be done sooner rather than later. I want to figure out if I want this sabbatical - There are so many aspects to it that it’s making it daunting to decide. 

Pro’s: 
94.	I can go India for the wedding or Europe with Mira. - 2 great opportunities that will definitely be a good time
95.	I’m not on a project at the moment so going will not be too difficult to get HR approval 
96.	Jamaal can hook me up with buddy passes 

Cons: 
⁃	I’m liking the work that I’m doing so if I can continue supporting while I’m on vacation, that would be ideal. 
⁃	I’d be missing a lot of fun activities. 
⁃	The trips going to put me back a bit 

I’m starting to feel like it might a good idea to just it in Europe or India for 2 weeks. 


I’m an amazing human being

My feelings are valid and we are going to do what feels right in our soul. 

Quyen called you last night, y’all chatted and had great laughs. But I felt shitty after, I felt like she can just get what she wants from me whenever but I’m not given the same amount of love and attention when I reach out to her. It just feels disrespectful and I love myself too much to tolerate it.

I’m trappin 

Smoking on a Wednesday - sheesh

Life’s good man, I got so many adventures lined up, I’m excited. I’m excited for the future - I’m excited for everyone that I’m gonna meet. 

Love life? 
It’s going okay, I mean, let’s talk about how I’m feeling about my relationship with Quyen. Of course I still have feelings for her but I honestly still feel the disrespect I went through while I was with her. Until now, it was easy for me shrug that off and talk to her but I love myself more and I can’t do that to myself anymore. I still would like the flight tickets because I helped you last year and it’s only fair. I don’t want to pretend and act like everything’s okay when it’s not. 

So I’ll tell her exactly that. 

How do we fix this? You’ve got to respect me and my feelings. It will definitely take time for me to forgive you. The thing is I feel like your disrespect and disregard for continues to this day. For example, I call you and I just don’t get a response, no text, nothing. 

I feel that 


GibberGabber 

It’s going good. I feel like I’ve put a lot of things off that I need to get back on top off. 

97.	Homebuying 
98.	Sabbatical 
99.	Returning the cats 
100.	Training with a trainer 
101.	Learning Spanish 
102.	Learning Bachata 
103.	Finish up my taxes 
104.	Finish up my training/certs/CPA 

It’s all good though, even if I don’t do any of these things, I’ll be A Okay. A little fomo here and there but ain’t no thang. 

Let’s work on success baby. Let’s put in the work but not just work for the sake of work but strategic ops to get the most out of every minute spent. For real though, it’s pretty awesome that I’m in the CAI space where I can work on Sound/Voice. 

For this sabbatical thing, I’ve got to do a few things: 
⁃	Talk to Quyen if she can get me flights 
⁃	Put up my apartment so I can rent it out for April & May 
⁃	Talk to Oscar to see if this is good with his strategy. 
⁃	Talk to HR and see what they think. 

I can also start building out mini services including demo’s for each type of functionality. I can build services for local San Diego Businesses. 


Chat with Viv 

Decision making: 
I’ve been able to make decisions better. I’m listing out pro’s & cons and going with what feels like the right way and sticking it to that decision even if it’s scary and staying away from back tracking. 

Eye contact: 
I’m still having trouble making eye contact with people. I just shy away from direct eye contact if I don’t know the person, I’m pushing myself, it takes effort but it is working. 

Addictions: 
I’ve been able to skip smoking on many instances, postpone my smoke and continue doing things that bring me joy even if they would be even more entertaining if I did it high. 

I’ve been going ham at learning new things, so much so that’s it’s become kind of burdensome but I know at the end, when I complete it, it will be rewarding. It’s still hard to stay away from drugs in general because they give you immediate pleasure where as other things, you need to work for. 

Question: 
What’s the best way to handle intrusive thoughts? 





A lot on my mind 

Travel: 
105.	There’s this whole thing around the sabbatical that I haven’t been able to narrow down on decide on a way forward. I’ll make a decision tree and pick a way forward. 
106.	I want to cut Quyen off completely. It’s not right for me to date someone else while still in contact with my Ex. Before I block her, I want to get a flight ticket from her. 

I personally think the sooner I pull this stunt the better. 
Pros for going soon: 
⁃	Not on a project right now 
⁃	Quyen’s probably going to say yes as of today. 
⁃	I might be able to hit India and Mira 
⁃	Alex just got approved so it might be a good time to pursue this. 
Pros for going in May: 
⁃	My lease is up so no more payments.
⁃	It’s summer time in Europe 

After I return, cut her off and call it a day. 

I could return to work from the start of June. Return to the states, figure out a new living situation, maybe kick it at my parents for a little bit, find a spot with a few friends or buy a home. I’ll be in a place where I’ve spent the money I need to spend to make this euro trip happen. Given this plan, I leave mid march, go to Europe and start traveling until the last week of May. 

Before I leave, I want to finish my certifications. 
⁃	CPA credits (Management etc.) 
⁃	Ai engineer 

Snowboarding: 
5.	Get the butt pad @4 
6.	Get the snow chains from Walmart 

Cat: 
5.	Do I want to return my cats 
6.	Do I want to leave my cats in my house? 



The future 


So I have a couple of things that just opened up to me. I just found out from Alex that it’s okay to take extended leaves so that just opens the flood gates. He’s got a nice 4 months off. 



Good morning 

A few intrusive thoughts are running through my head. Like am I being a bad son by not going and seeing my parents. Honestly though, I spent so much time with them in Jan, I’m not in a hurry to go see them again. 

I love how the world works in my favor. It’s pretty insane tbh. Shits a party. I just bumped a new track I found on the gram and man, am I turned up right now. 

Anyways, life is good, I have been having feelings of picking someone and just loving the fuck out of them. Just really doing everything and anything to make them happy and of course, I’d want them to put at least a part of that energy back into me. Maybe it’s from watching the vikings. 

Wow, I just found that it’s okay to take a sabbatical. That’s pretty amazing. A large unpaid leave of absence sounds amazing. Alright, I might want to finish up what I started before I go off on the adventure of a lifetime. 

I could take a leave now in march of whatever after my presentation, go off & meet Mira or go to India. Then

Let’s plan out this weekend 

I could continue training and working today, maybe hit the techno event tonight with Lili and go on a motorcycle ride out into Julian tomorrow, that would be sick. 

I could go home and head over to LA right now, hangout with Jos and what not, maybe the crash the night in my car and come back to SD in the morning kinda hungover and tired. I could also just go to 

I could also go and drop off the cats at my parents, let them hangout there and come back whenever. 

I could drop off the cats at my parents, go to LA, party, come back Sunday whenever Kendra’s coming back too. 

I could work on my cert for the time being, go to the shuffle meet later hang out at Lili’s, come home at a decent time, crash and take Tanner on a ride tomorrow into the dessert. Come back and continue on my training. 

I could go to LA for a short stint, not drink too much and get back home at a decent hour. Wake up in the morning and take Tanner on a ride into Enzo Barrega 


Here’s the thing, all these social events like LA with Kendra don’t happen on weekdays so ideally, I want to capitalize on the opportunity. It is going to be a costly adventure, food, drink & party in LA and I’ve already spent more money that I’m comfortable spending this month so maybe holding back a little isn’t a terrible idea. I feel like LA is going to be an expensive adventure, maybe it doesn’t have to be. I can go and decide not to drink. That will help me drive everywhere. I might have to pay for parking but that’s not the end of the world. It will be exciting. 

I would discover new things, meet new people, get an opportunity to make new friends. I could even take my computer if I want to work on something. Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

Good morning 

Alright, we’re at COPA on a Saturday morning getting my caffeine fix. 

Hung out with some good energy out here. Met a guy that’s hustling out here in San Diego. 

So there’s a lot going on today and this weekend. 

107.	I can go to LA and hangout with friends. (They’re leaving at noon and going to some BDSM club) 
108.	I can go to the techno underground tonight. 
109.	I can take Tanner on a ride tomorrow. 
110.	I can help Dar move. 
111.	I can hit the hot tub. 

Productivity tasks
⁃	I can finish up some of these trainings. 
⁃	I can go to the gym and work on this body
⁃	I can work on music production and learning some skills. 
⁃	Build out my resume. 

I’m motivated to grow and expand. One decision point I’ve been stuck on is who I give my kitty feeder too and if I want to keep these cats. I think I’ll 


From an EY perspective, Oscars looking for functional use cases for ChatGPT. I can help in building out the database of use cases. create the intake form and whatnot. 

I’m thinking about pivoting our NLS solution to become a data steward for ChatGPT. Build out to put this idea on paper. 

Everyone’s out here tweaking on some coffee, it’s fun. I’m glad I came out here this morning. I had some taquitos and cold brew for breakfast. 





Grant Cardonel - 10x your business, coach 
Prop stream - app to find foreclosure houses 

Vertical integration 

Sub to - home buying option where you’re taking over the loan for a soon to be foreclosed house. 

Prop Stream - database of real estate information, does not contain the owners contact info. 

Skip Trace - I put the information of the property and I get the owners/contact information. 







Friyay 


Alright it’s Friday and I don’t have dick to do so this is kind of great. One thing I do want to start focusing on within EY is networking. I’ve been in the firm for well over a year now, I know a good number of people but that doesn’t mean I shouldn’t get to know more people. 


Anywho, I’m still on the bench and I’m not seeing any sight of projects starting back up so a part of me is curious about traveling somewhere when I have this time. Or what are things I can do here in San Diego with this time? I can be out partying everyday basically, I can do daytime events and motorcycle rides. I can do hikes out here and some of the touristy things. 

I can really focus on ups killing myself in these 3 months so I can be in a position to leave in may and have so much clout by then that it doesn’t matter if I stay with EY or not. 

I want a job that will allow me to travel the world and work from anywhere. What do I need to do to do to get there? 

It honestly breaks my heart to leave this apartment so I don’t see the point in going to Europe immediately.

Ladida 

So we’re here at Tapshack on Thursday. It’s an exciting day, going to the first YPN today so that’ll be pretty fun. I’m chilling at tapshack with Tanner on this beautiful mid afternoon. 

I want to relax my gaze, I feel a little bit stressed.  I just did the little exercise by Vivian and I feel a little more at ease. I’m a bit stressed because I asked Fila Ila out for dinner and she said yes but then never responded to my text. I don’t know where her heads at but at the end of the day, it doesn’t matter. What should I do to ease the tension? Maybe get some clarity from her or just forget about the whole thing and just act as if you never asked her anything. It’s not a big deal. 

I’ll ask her about it casually, it doesn’t have to be a whole thing and if the conversation never happens, I’m also okay with that. Let’s kill the awkwardness either way. I’m mad chill and comfortable and most importantly, I belong. 


12-1: EY 
1-2: EY
2-3:EY 
3-4: Chill 
4-5: Gym 
5-6 Gym 
6-7: YPN baby 
7-8
8-9
9-10: The holding company (techno with O Jay) 


DAW.Ai 

Can I take this idea to Innovations America? 
Key Benefits: 
112.	It would be great on my resume. 
113.	A great learning experience 
114.	I could use EY’s resources 

Issues: 
⁃	EY might not be interested in something in the music industry. 
⁃	Zuri would have a tough time getting involved at EY. 


Personal To Do 

Potlock: 
115.	Order a platter of Mediterranean food 

Things to look into from a production standpoint: 
⁃	Glitch VST by Illformed 
⁃	Shaperbox 
⁃	Halftime by CableGuys 

Immediate next steps: 
⁃	Look into what certification I want to complete, explore what’s out there 
⁃	Have initial conversations with the trainers mentioned by Enzo. 
⁃	Plan out my vacations for the year. 
⁃	Order that Monitor from EY 
⁃	Get those business cards from EY 
⁃	Make the business cards for S.Ai 


Do more things that give you energy instead of things that take energy away. What are things that give me energy? Social events/gatherings where I can hangout with my friends. Playing music for my friends, finding a new song to rock out too gives me alot of energy. Building something at the office and presenting it to a large crowd of people gives me energy. 

Vacations for the year: 
⁃	2 Weeks in Aussie at the end of the year 
⁃	2 weeks in Germany in the summer 
⁃	2 weeks in Philly during the spring 
⁃	Mira wants to do New Zealand in the fall (that’s a maybe)
⁃	Shambala with Mira July 21st to 24th. 
⁃	Hop over to Europe for 2 weeks with Mira March 25th to April 8th. 
⁃	LIB May 24th to 29th. 


Valentines day 

I might be taking Lili out for a Valentines day date. It’ll be cute but I have a few things on my head that I want to air out. 

I want to leave to Europe right now toooooo!!! It’s not practical though, I didn’t plan anything, I just want to pack a backpack full of undies, my laptop and bounce. That would be kind of crazy but at the same time, it’s kind of possible. I can tell my office I have an emergency and have to leave. There are a couple of issues with this, I would miss my ski trip that I’ve already spent about $500 for. I don’t have anything planned out in Europe but they do so it’s not terrible. 

It’s not the end of the world if I stay here in beautiful San Diego. I can still have a great time. In an ideal situation, my company would give me the sabbatical, someone would rent out my home while I’m away and I go off to Europe. Maybe even drop by Aneesh’s wedding if possible but more importantly, I want to leave now. The only work thing is this stupid NLS presentation. Otherwise, I’m basically on the bench. I could just go without telling my workplace but that could end very badly. 

If Mira says yes to going back to Europe in 3 months time, would I be okay with that? I would but at the same time, I might be on a project by then and leaving a project for a whole sabbatical would basically kick me off the project. 

There are two choices: 

Leave now 
116.	Better for EY 
117.	Mira will be there for sure 

Leave in 3 months
⁃	Better for my personal finance 
⁃	Mira might be there, might not.

Ideally, I want 6 week trip, 5 weeks in Europe and spend the last week in India. 
I could shorten this to 3 weeks in Europe and 1 week in India where I leave at the start of next month. 

Another option is going for a short trip, maybe like a month and a hal


Feb 13 

It’s me against the world, there’s a whirlwind of things going on but we’re gonna make it to the other side champions. Life is great, it’s these thoughts, fears and anxieties that get to me sometimes. Sometimes I need a puff, sometimes I need a friend, sometimes just a good tune will do. 

Anywho, I feel a bit burdened due to the following things: 
118.	My lease is coming to an end, I don’t know what my living situation is going to be. What is want is to either live with a good friend or a chill place like my current one. This isn’t that hard. Worst case, I’m in a shitty living condition for a year, it’s really not the worst. Best case, I find an amazing living situation and sets me up for a fun filled year. 
	Start looking for houses now-ish 
	Start looking for apartments closer to April 
	Move in Date May 20th 
119.	Another thing that’s causing stress is the lack of a project. It also sucks because I was gunning for a promotion this year. Either way, I’m still going to try. 


Regarding this whole idea of ditching everything and going to Europe is kind of crazy but I’m fucking with it. I would really love to do this, it would mean the world to me. There are a few approaches and I think the most upfront and simple one is to request a sabbatical explaining that your grandparents aren’t doing to well and I would like to take a couple of months off to go and be with them. Some key things I have to ask myself, will I be alright financially? I got around 20K in the bank, I think I should be good. If I’m going to sublease the place and will still receive minimum payment, I should be great. I am worried about broaching the subject because it might be triggering. 


Anyways, I like where I’ve come with this. I can request a Sabbatical and go to Europe in 3 months. I can convince this girlie to come with me as long as she hasn’t committed super hard to anything.

Mira Mira Mira 

She’s been all over my head that past couple of days. It hurts the heart a little knowing she’s going to be off in a few days and might forget me but that’s selfish. I forget her too when I’m having a good time but when I come back to normal life, I miss her. 

I miss her quirkiness and the energy. Those eyes, I still can’t get over them. Those soft lips against

Ski trip 


Skiii trip: 


Car with Me & Jen 
Lift tickets: Hannah’s link 



Do I need to get snow tires? - probably 
Do I want to get the butt guards for snowboarding? – Yes

I just asked Ila out for dinner and she said yes! 

I’m excited, I actually haven’t had Korean BBQ in San Diego so it’ll be fun. Maybe we can do an activity afterwards or before. I don’t want to just eat dinner - talk is cheap but vibes - it’s all about vibes. 

She likes meat - no veggies - she’s a bit nerdy so idk if she’s all about the party life. She seems like someone that’s kinda over it. It sucks though, she’s leaving to Portland so obviously can’t get married and have 5 children. 

I’m a little anxious, more than anything, I’m feeling butterflies, they fill me up, I feel in the back of my neck, I feel them at the ends of the hairs on my arms. Breathe into this moment. Feel everything. Alright I’m back.

It was funny, I asked her and as soon as she said yes, all I wanted to do was run away and jump in joy. Do a victory lap around the world and that’s exactly what I need right now. I’ve got so much energy in me that I couldn’t just stand there and have a full conversation. 

Alright now, the fun part, I want to figure out where to take her and then what to do before or after? It doesn’t have to be crazy. 


Alright so we’ll go get some Korean BBQ and then maybe go get some ice cream. Depending on the night 

We’ll start with BBQ but what are some things I want to do with my girlie??? 
120.	I’d like to do another Beach Bonfire Picnic thing 
121.	A night out in town (start with some drinks at a cute bar and go dance the night away at some bar) 
122.	An underground could be a vibe, trip out on some favors but that would have to be after we get a bit comfortable with each other. 
123.	A pool day with the girlie and some friends 
124.	A hike up some trails or a beach cliff. 


What’s changed? 

This small trip with Mira changed a lot for me in terms of my perspective towards relationships, sex and life in general. She makes me feel comfortable being in a polyamorous relationship. She’s shown me how every girl offers such a unique experience if you just let her. There are so many flowers in this world, are you just going to walk through without taking a quick whiff? I’ve been somewhat ashamed of my sexuality and my desire to fuck but seeing that in her eyes just validated that it’s okay. She’s completely comfortable with her sexuality and desire so why should I feel some sort of way about it. 

I’ve decided that I will love myself and fuck people. It’s the ultimate form of self love where you care and give yourself the world except the one things you can’t give yourself which is sex. I think this would make me a very happy person because I know what I want so I can provide that to myself. 

There’s so much to uncover from hot raunchy sex and we didn’t even get to the do the adventurous stuff yet. 

Ila Ila Ila - she’s a cutie. She said oooh, you’re in love and I’m like noooo, I can’t be. She’s gone. What’s a cute way for me to ask her out? She likes books, a bit of a nerd, the speakeasy around the corner would be cool. It would loosen us up, put us in a different environment, it would be cool



I feel like ever since I’ve been single, I’ve been trying to date but if a girl isn’t interested, I automatically jump to the conclusion that I’m not good enough. That feeling was getting closer and closer to my core to the point where I didn’t feel good enough to love. 

The truth is that I’m more than good enough to love. The girl I spoke to just isn’t into me, that doesn’t make me undesirable or unworthy. I’ve just always been in a relationship or at least a situationship so not being in a relationship for so long after my break up made me question myself. 

Ever since the breakup, I have just been in a mind space where I am not good as is and that I have to change to be accepted. I’ve just been taking rejection to heart and constantly feeling like I need to be something else or whatever. That drove me to kind of resent being myself. I’m in a place where I can finally love myself because this girl reminded me that I’m amazing just as I am.  

Matioshhhh


Thursday night: 
It’s been a whirlwind of great sex, adventure and belly laughs. Still not done fully processing the entire weekend. It started on Thursday night, picked her up from the airport and went straight to the beach so we could take a midnight dip. The water was swampy but we went in there anyways. I got my first kiss of the trip there, the moon light on her face, the swish & swoosh of the waves under our feet. I carried her out of the water in my arms, it was magical. We went back to my apartment, smelling of smoke and burnt wood, she gave me a little present, Mr.Cinnomon and gave me a fat kiss, I gave her a pretty little ring I got for her, she loved it, she kissed me more, the clothes came flying off and things started to get heated. I kissed her and then went down on her, I did the whole alphabet on her clit, she came on my face. She kissed my cock, licked him around a little but I was eager to fuck and so we did. I can still hear her moans fill the room, she orgasmed on me as she rode on top of me, her legs tensing, her moans getting more intense - it was so hot, I wasn’t done though, we fucked and we fucked until we could fuck no more. Then, we watched some SVU and went to bed. 

Friyay: 
Woke up the next morning with some morning cuddles. Cuddles to kisses, kisses to smooches and before you know it, my baby was riding my rock hard morning cock until I cummed deep in her pussy. We lumbered out of bed and went for a hot shower together, I scrubbed her back, played with her butt and teased her with a a tickle here and pinch there. It was cute. We then went off exploring San Diego, walked through downtown to seaport village. Fast forward, it was Friday night and it was time for my birthday party!! Everyone showed up, one of Kendra’s friends kept trying to hit on me, she was real forward about it but it made all that more fun to shut her down, it was cute though. We danced, we drank, she got along well with all my friends and we finally got back home. These boys wanted to come back to mine for a bit, honestly, I should’ve told them to fuck off but I entertained them for a little before telling them to kick it. We were soo tired by that point, we got in bed and immediately knocked out.  

Saturday: 
Woke up on Saturday a little hungover but that didn’t stop us from a little morning love. A little 69’ing for breakfast, girls got a little chilly to the top right of her pussy, she keeps it spicy. We kissed and cuddled till about 1 pm as we did almost every morning. At this point, the girlie needs her coffee so we get ready and head to a cafe to start the morning. We had a little relax day on Saturday, took it easy, ate leftovers, cuddled around, watched a bunch of confused love, omg, the cringiest show in the world 

Sunday:
We went on a motorcycle ride at long last, she held on tight, it was fun. Girlie was scared shitless though, she was just trying not to poop her pants. We took in sunset from Balboa Park, it was definitely beautiful. We got home and changed for a night out on the Gaslamp. Started the night at the noble experiment where we got some craft cocktails. They were really good and the night took us to El Chingon of all places. It was the only place that was popping on the Gaslamp that night, it was fun, girlie was all over me, we were definitely the hottest couple in that club. We went home and had some hot sex to end the night. 

Monday: 
Monday was a fun day, Kendra’s and crew came through to hangout at the pool and grill. We were drinking and eating at pool all day, it was fun. Leo showed up being the prick self that he is and Ariana put him down, god bless. Dar showed up later, it was cool, we played some cards against humanity. Tanner got me a huge pie from Julien, she’s amazing and it was perfect for the night. Everyone left around 10 and one of the greatest nights of my life came to life. I got my girl a full body lace suit. Her lean tall figure in the lace turned her into a goddess. The firelight filled the room & Tems was singing to our souls. It honestly felt like I was on Molly but we hadn’t taken any drugs. I’ve never felt that way sober. I was in my silk kimono laying on faux fur rug in the hall kissing my girl. We went out to the balcony where she blew me as I looked at the horizon. I looked down to see my girls piercing yellow eyes and her lips around my cock. The blurry view of city lights and this goddess in my balcony was breathtaking. We went inside to the warmth, we kissed and cuddled on the rug, light from the candle light, the LED’s and city lights gave the room a warmness, an air of euphoria. We moved over to my bed, the black light and the all white sheets created a beautiful ambiance. It felt like we were in the clouds. Her body wrapped in lace, her eyes piercing my soul, her soft lips over mine and my cock deep inside of her. We tossed and we turned, we cuddled and we fucked. I turned her around and fucked her hard. Pounding away at her, her moans getting louder, the louder they got, the harder it made me want to pound away at her. My heart racing, boy did I break a sweat, her legs tensed, and the moans intensified until she let out a huge a gasp, she came. I wasn’t done though, I kissed her and continued stroking her to the rhythm. She asked me cum inside of her and so I did. It was about 3 or 4 am by that time, we drifted off to sleep knowing this was our last night together. 

Tuesday: 
We woke up and I kissed my baby on the back of her neck. She cuddled in tighter rubbing her cute little ass into me. I grabbed it and squeezed it tight letting out some of the tension that’s been building up inside of me. I knew my baby was sore from all the fucking so instead of fucking, I poured CBD oil over her and rubbed my cock through her butt. She liked it, it was a slippery hot mess but before we knew it, my cock slipped into her and we were at it again. Her alarms for her flight started going off, we had to pick up the pace and so we did. By the time we were done, it was pretty late, she scrambled to get all her things in order, I took her to my favorite taco shop drive through and dropped her at the airport. My baby gave me a nice long kiss and left back to her wintery home. I came home with a little cheer in my soul but a longing for my baby. I didn’t wash myself or change the sheets, I was still feeling her presence, her aura all over me and my bed. It smelled like sex, hot raunchy sex. 

I want to learn exercises that will help me fuck faster in bed without feeling tired or out of breath. I noticed that my normal pace is relatively kind of medium/slow end. I want my natural pace to be faster, I think this will stimulate the girl more leading to more moans and better sexxx. 

Feb 2 2023 

Happy birthday me, it’s been quite the ride. I’m excited for 28, excited for the adventures to come this year, the people I’ll meet, not excited to age but it’s part of the game. Maybe I’m just gonna get sexier & sexier like fine wine. The older I get, the more mysterious and attractive I become. 

Mira’s coming tonight, there’s alot going on in my head. I feel a little clouded, a little hazy. What’s up Sai? How are you? I’m good. Just had a little chat with the people next to me and I love the energy I received. Sometimes when I’m in the slumps, I just need to to someone. 

Riding through the desert with my baby is gonna be lit. Swimming and splashing in midnight waves, raving the night away and maybe a tipsy night of Bachata. I can’t believe I brought this girl into my life, it’s kind of crazy. 


125.	Call up table service and see what the deal is at Bloom
126.	Maybe scope out some beaches for the night later today. 
127.	Figure out what action I need to take based on discussion with Alex 
128.	Reach out to Oscar explaining the Chatgpt integration option 
129.	I’m gonna go open my Nintendo switch 
130.	I’m basically going to be building out a PC soon so that’s pretty exciting. 


11-12: EY 
12-1:  
1-2: 
2-3: 
3-4: 
4-5: Gym 
5-6: Gym 
6-7:
7-8: Shuffle meet 
8-9:Shuffle meet 
9-10: Beach Scoping 
10-11: Bonfire 
11-12:

Is there anything I need to do before Mira gets here? Not that I know of. Might just do a quick bonfire run. Alright, how do I make of the most of today??? We’re off to a great start chillin at Copa Vida, I got a free drink and a nice burrito bowl to top the morning.  I’m dressed in all white, I might go hangout by the pool for a little bit. I can go for a second coffee at Tap Shack but that’s a bit much. 




I want to concentrate on: 
131.	Sometimes I just don’t feel like working, I will have a list of things I want to do that will benefit me in the long run but I sometimes feel like I have zero interest in doing any of them, instead I just want to eat a bunch of food and watch tv

⁃	There have been days where I’m just dreading work. I like my job, I like what I do so it doesn’t make allot of sense to me. 

⁃	I’ve also been having challenges deciding on something and sticking to it. I have been having strong impulses to change my decision or take steps back instead of trusting myself with the decision that I took. 

⁃	How do I build more self trust and self love? 

7.	I want to stop saying “hmm”



I’ve been feeling repulsed about work 

I need to find things about work that make it exciting and worth doing. There are definitely some great things that can come out of doing good work for EY. I can get recognition which is important if I want to make a name for myself.

Honestly just feel like love is the greatest thing this world has to offer. Love & family. I love to love and I love to be loved. I definitely get some of that love from my family which is great. While doing Yoga this morning, the most disturbing and intrusive thoughts were about 1. My cats, Mira & work. 

I like the challenges work presents and opportunities it provides but all those are pointless without someone to share it with. Was thinking about moving back home but it’s not the place for me to grow anymore. I’ve grown at home but now, I grow in the city, amongst the people that are working hard to make it here. 

I do want to find someone that’s special to me but I will also continue to pursue my passions alongside this person. It should be easier for me to pursue my passions rather than being more difficult. 

For the time being, I need to work on building an environment that can help me and my partner thrive and grow. 
I want to continue earning more so I can create a comfortable environment for my future family. I also want to continue to expand my horizons by trying new things, taking new approaches to life. 

I’m reddy to work smart and impress my team. I’m going to be the best virtual agent developer the world has ever seen. From my understanding, what would make a good virtual agent developer? 
132.	Someone that understands the nuances of language and has strong functional understanding of conversational design. 
133.	Someone that has strong understanding of NLP models and how to train a virtual agent.

Some soft skills that I need to be more keen on: 
⁃	Being more transparent and not feeling inferior by asking someone for a go ahead. 


Fridays baby 

I’m in a place where I’m feeling a bit lost. I don’t have much work to do at work so I’ve been left to kinda do what I please for the time being. At the same time, I’m kind of dreading going back into the grind when it happens. It’s not really that bad in actuality, I think it’s way worse in my head. A couple of meetings, a few work items and an occasional late night call is all it really is.

I have a bunch of goals that I want to work towards but I just want to leave everything and go to Europe with Mira in February. Imagine how romantic it would be to go to France with her right around valentines day <3 

I’m a little confused on what I should do for flights with Mira. I’m overcomplicating this, let me just send her a picture of what I think would work, we can get a call, hash out the details and pick something. 

Yeah, that works. I would love to go traveling with her, definitely a great opportunity but we’ll see.

I’m at Copa, my happy place. Honestly, if shit ever went down, this is where I’d go to find a little bit of peace.

So let’s unload my thoughts, emotions and come back to peace. 

I’ve been feeling good lately. I’ve been finding new strategies to address my social awkwardness/anxiety. This whole thing at work has me all worked up but I was able to get my head outside of that space yesterday thanks to Moya. 

I’m proud of my time boxing even though on a few days, I wasn’t able to follow through with it. It’s allowed me to consciously use my time and allowed me to do so much more. It’s also allowed me to stay away from destructive behavior. Too much time on social media made me want to hit up random girls. Too much idle time made me want to smoke. I’ve been more active, doing things that are close to my soul. Pursuing passions that are important to me. 

Looking into the fashion line costs: 
Each pashmina is going for $16. 
I have to calculate how much shipping would be: 

$10 per KG 
2 per Kilo 
32 + 10 = 42 =  $21 
$25 - $30 


134.	Finish the instagram account - polish it, it’s gotta look beautiful 
135.	Create website for purchases 


Coaching with Stefan


Who am I? - identify and values 
136.	I am someone who is blessed with so many gifts, talents and opportunities. 
137.	My values are to love and nurture my loved ones. Enjoy life and laugh as much as possible. When I’m old, I want my forehead to be covered in wrinkles from all the belly laughs. I want my life to be a work of art, my masterpiece, I want to create something beautiful. I also want a beautiful and loving partner who will ride or die with me. I want to find a deep connection with someone, almost a spiritual connection. 

What commitments do I need to make to get the life I want: 
⁃	I need to grow my career so I can make a larger impact on my society. 
⁃	I need to continue traveling and meeting people so I can 
	1. Expand my mind and get new perspectives 
	2. More importantly, find that person who I truly feel at home with. My confidant. 
What is the life I want 
Where do I want to live 
⁃	Somewhere beautiful close to my loved ones *Friends & family
Who do I want to live with 
⁃	My partner 
What do I consume (from what you watch & read to what you eat and drink)
8.	


Is being in the moment running away from something? 
7.	Sometimes I feel like I’m running away from my ex partner, I’m scared of getting hurt 

Some of the issues I face: 
•	I seek too much validation from others, I feel the only way to counteract this is to build my own confidence through success in tasks that I do on a daily basis. 
•	I give in too easily to other people’s opinions and biases. 
•	An edgy look is enough to make me feel like I don’t belong



Values: 


Beliefs: 

Less affected - look back 1 year, 

I seek validation & getting affection -> I was more at peace -> I want to be more at peace within myself. 

Self love -> Self confidence 

Find another way to find self love & self confidence (accepting yourself as you are) 

Not at peace with myself ()

I wonder what my next thought is going to be? - try this and get back to Stefan on your input 

Would I do this if I fully loved myself? - ask myself this question when I’m feeling anxious or in a state of confusion. 



Something that he said that really resonated with me was that we are often bred to believe we need to do things to be loved but in reality, we can truly love ourselves irrespective of deeds/actions taken to impress others or ourselves. I am an amazing person, I’m kind, gentle, loving, capable, smart and so much more, why do I need to do more to love myself? I don’t, I love myself just as I am. Nothing more, nothing less. 

I will put my energy into things that are aligned with my soul because that is an act of service (my love langugae) to myself. I love to shuffle so I made it a mission to go and learn every Thursday, I absolutely love it and I’m extremely grateful to myself for doing it and also to everyone there for being so welcoming. 


Todays schedule 

2-5 hike and motorcycle ride
5-9 dinner and catch up on EY tasks 
9-11 salsa salsa 
Sleep 

How are you feeling? I’m feeling good, I’m on the road to recovery at long last. I feel like I need to work towards my goals. Things that make me happy, things that show me that I love myself. What are some of these things? Of course, learning some Spanish but more importantly, learning how to Salsa and Bachata. I think this would make me tremendously happy and spending time to learn how to do this is well worth my time. 

I also want to be a better programmer so what are some things I can do? I can start with some tuition/classes around coding so I’m better versed. 

I want to be praised at my work place, I think that would also make me tremendously happy, to do this, I want to become a deeper expert in Conversational Ai and start branching into RPA as well. 
138.	I want to start doing more research into cutting edge conversational Ai capabilities 
139.	I want to start taking RPA courses from various vendors 

Finding a lover sounds great but at the same time, if I can become more before I find my life partner, I can find a better life partner. I’m going to stay open and continue meeting people but this is how I’m thinking at the moment. In today’s day and age, getting married at 30 is totally fine. 

I also want to start my own business, I want to cash flush. Have more fuck you money to spend ya know. After taxes and what not, I really don’t feel like I have too much left over. I was thinking about the real estate game but it’s so saturated. There are so many real estate agents, it’s an option but definitely not my number 1. Another one is starting up a clothing brand here by importing hippie goods from India and selling them. The vision to slowly expand the clothing line to have clothing from all over the world. Just exquisite things from every hippie place in the world. I could also continue my S.AI business idea and try to expand in San Diego, just provide simple tech services to local businesses. 

⁃	Real estate 
⁃	S.AI 
⁃	Online Fashion Store 


Monday morning baby. 

Let’s play some music, why is it so quite. Just cuz we’re sick doesn’t mean we can’t groove a little. The music is playing and we are feeling good baby. This bread is so freaking soft, it’s unreal. 

I’m so freaking blessed, so many people that are willing to love me and take care of me. I love my parents. 

I’m on a healing journey and I feel good. A little stuffy but good. Now to get to the knitty gritty. 

What do I want to do with my time these 4 days before I go off to Japan? 

What are my values and goals, what am I going to do to pursue them? 

Monday: recovery - go to my parents and get some meds 

Tuesday: bike ride

Wednesday: haircut 

Thursday: Shuffle workshop & Doctors appointment 

Friday: Outtie

Align 

Let’s take a second to breathe. My body is fighting this cold, it’s winning but there’s still a war going on. I feel like I need to do everything in my power to help my body overcome this and ensure I’m healthy by the time I get on that flight on Friday. I’m super excited for Japan. 

I feel a bit lost today, I didn’t have much planned, the plans I did have fell through so I actually used my time for some self healing. I think it’s important to practice self love when you have the time, self love doesn’t necesarily do something that’s fun but something that you do because you love yourself. Something that you’re doing to ensure you reach your goals and your dreams, if I loved someone, I would try and help them reach their dreams.

What’s up 

So I’ve finished up with work but I don’t have anything planned for the rest of the day. This makes me wanna smoke and kill some time but I don’t want to hurt my lungs continuously. I think instead, I can wrap up any pending items I have since I don’t have any plans today. Not only work items but personal items and just get on top of everything. 


This isn’t a bad idea. I also want to make plans for the rest of the week and maybe the following week, this way, I’ll always have new things that I can do that will help me expand, learn new things, meet new people and live a more colorful and illustrious life. 

What are some thing I can do? 

Well for the weeknights, I can check out more meetups, maybe a football meetup. 

Today would be a great day to hit the gym.

I’m excited 


This new pursuit is exciting and I think we’re gonna kill it. I just have to organize my notes a little and should be good to go. This dirty chai is definitely getting to my head. Life is beautiful, I’m thinking about heading back home soon so I have enough time to re organize myself and really start working. Sometimes, I feel like I can’t really focus too much while I’m at Copa. THere’s so many conversations going on around me, I’ve made some new friends which is hella cool and I’m inspired by these developers.



Taking a pause and writing down what I learned from the video: 
140.	I need to take a step back and respond using the 4 buckets mentioned. I think the main take away is” 
	When you get silence, you offer value such a funny meme or a cool video. 
	When you get interest, you slowly start building your way to a plan 


Identifies the blocks that you currently feel in your life and helps you work through them. 

I journal and there are a couple of recurring themes. 
⁃	Missing Quyen and feeling remorse for breaking up and leaving San Diego 

⁃	Questioning my decisions 

⁃	I have a couple of goals but I’m not motivated to push for them. I feel like I can’t be happy without a girlfriend so my goal has just become getting a girlfriend, however, IMO, that’s counterproductive, for one, I’m rushing the process, two, when you’re actively searching, it makes you seem desperate and unnattractive. It’s a catch 22. I also feel like my energy was so much more attractive while I was in a relationship, I exuded so much more confidence having this baddy as my GF - unfortunately it gave me a-lot of self worth and now that she’s gone, I feel more timid and less attractive. 

9.	Do I have to force myself into pursuing the other goals I have or do I listen to my heart use this drive to find someone as fuel to put myself out there more and do more things that would accelerate the process of finding the right person for me? 

8.	Is there a way for me to find happiness within and be content? I don’t think so.

•	Another thing is that I’m really into the rave culture, the dance and music is great but the drugs are definitely bad for my body. I understand that and I don’t want to be addicted to them but at the same time, I don’t want to shun them out of my life. Is there a way to to establish a healthy relationship with things like weed. 

9.	I used to also be a believer of the idea that “Addictions are things that we love doing so why are we trying to run away from them? - embrace it, pursue it and give it you’re all” - I felt this way about video games because my parents were always trying to get me off and the more they pushed me away, the more I would want to play. Once I started living on my own, I own a ton of video games but now 


Guatamala 

I feel like I should have my itinerary completed by EOD because it’s literally next week and I don’t want to end up not finding places or paying stupid prices that could be avoided. At the same time, I don’t want to overbook myself with a shitty plan.

I was so clear last night 

I was so in tune with myself and expressed exactly how I feel. I’m craving love and affection. I’m not interested in getting into a relationship promising to treat someone like a princess because that sets unrealistic expectations. 

I told her I liked her and she told me she feels like we haven’t really gotten to know each other. Right now, she’s not that into me but that could change (her words, not mine). She’s friend zoning me and I don’t like it because it hurts to get friend zoned. 

I also do see some red flags, this girl cheated on her mans - she said he’s done worse but that’s no justification and I’m not even that into her, personally I like my girls to be a tad bit taller and skinnier and bit better of a dancer. That’s just my preference now that I’m taking a step back. She does ride motorcycles so that’s cool. 

I do want to go on cute dates and take pictures, I don’t see the harm in doing that, maybe get a few kisses here and there along the way. That and smoke a few blunts with her here and there. Definitely not looking to be exclusive. 

Alright, now that we’re at peace about Lilly, what about Jocelyn. I think I should keep her on the hook because she kinda likes me and I kinda like her. I should’ve gotten her a ticket, I can still just pay her back for the ticket but it’s not the same, its weird. Don’t take any action here, you know what you did, I’m glad you were able to recognize the problem, next time, do better.

Enzo Benzo 

So I’m going to concert tonight with Lily and I’ve invited everyone. I want to invite Enzo but I’m worried this girl’s gonna hoe herself out to him and imma be saaaad. That’s possible but not a certainty. 

I want Enzo to be there but I don’t want Lily to talk to him. That’s impossible for me to do but I can just not say anything to Enzo, he’s less likely to come, the thing is, what about future events tho, would I just avoid him altogether, I value him more then I value her but I just don’t want to get hurt. 

I can’t avoid him and her running into each other, I’m gonna end up like Andrew Glaubermen. 

It hurts my heart to see the girl I got a ticket for dancing with Enzo, if she’s gonna dance with Enzo, she’s gonna dance with someone else. I think I need to make myself indestructible and not let this BS affect me. If they hit it off at the event, then I’m just gonna go somewhere else so it’s out of sight and out of mind. The question is this, why would I want to invite my friend that I know she’s into.

Mondays

I’m back from Escape and back on the grind. It’s Monday morning and I’ve had a great meal this morning. I made quesadillas with chicken that Kendra marinated. I’m working but I don’t feel motivated. I don’t want to work but it’s not like there’s something else I’d rather be doing either. 

I have a couple of personal errands I need to run, honestly, those do sound more fun. I’m working on an RPA training and they’re teaching us how to fill out an Automation sheet as an RPA functional expert. I feel it’s a pretty useful skill, look at a companies business processes and look for ways to automate certain aspects. 

It’s pretty interesting so I’m gonna hop back in a bit. 

Talking to Enzo yesterday kinda showed me how I’m not over my Ex yet but it’s not that big of an issue. At the end of the day, she left me high and dry and I should be upset about that. I should be angry. There’s no reason for me to be tolerating her BS. If she loved me, she would’ve never left so fuck her. 

Anyways, I’m done being overtly nice to her, only people that I love deserve my kindness, respect & love, not people that disrespect me or try to one up me. 

What is my relationship with her and her and why is it important? 

Well, we’ve broken up, we caught up and hung. I still have feelings for her, I want to smash her. She might be down for the same but I’m not sure how to broach the subject. Maybe as simple as that. I don’t really care if she doesn’t want to be friends anymore, I’m not loosing too much, I don’t even think I can just be “Friends” with her. We can be polite to each other but that’s about it, that or we can have some fun since we have that romantic relationship. 

What do I want moving forward? I want to smash and not get into a relationship. How would I do this? I ask her to come out here or I go to Philly. Tell her I understand that we can’t get into a serious relationship but I’m down to get together and have some fun. 

She’s most likely going to say she’s not interested because of our history but there’s also a chance she’s down. If she says no, so what? Nothing really? A little but disappointed that the dick wasn’t memorable enough for her to want more. 

Tell her how much you miss her and how much you miss her body without being creepy. 

She’s currently going through some stress so give her a call, talk to her. 

Literally ask her to come to San Diego, I want to get together with you, my moms also made some peanut powder for you so you can take it with you. I completely understand we can’t be in a relationship, I’ve come to terms with it so no strings attached, let me show you a good time.

Lili 

This girl is a cutie but she’s not in a place to date. It’s unfortunate but it is what it is. I will accept. It hurts my heart a little, it would’ve been cool if she was ready to date someone but she’s not. 

I obviously have a crush on this girl but I don’t think it’s so serious where I can’t be friends with her. She likes me too but it’s too soon for her to start dating. She’s still living with her Ex. 

I want to smash her out but she’s not having it. She wants to be friends and get to know each other. I don’t really mind - I just don’t know if hanging out as friends is going to make me feel good. It’s still fun, we can watch movie’s together and I’m sure I’ll get a little loving here and there. 

Overall, I think I’m gonna keep doing me, invite her if you genuinely just wanna hangout, with no ulterior motives. Knowing that  


I didn’t know what you were going through until last night, I might’ve come off strong but that was because I thought you were single and looking to date. Let’s be friends and take it easy. Good luck finding that new room mate, it can be a bitch sometimes - lmk if you need my help for anything. 

Here’s the thing, the heart wants what the heart wants and I’m attracted to you. I can’t hangout with you and act like I don’t. I didn’t even know I was crushing until I felt it on Friday night when Raul was hitting on you. It pissed me off. 

Why am I trying to sabotage my friendship just because I have feelings for her? 
	Will I be uncomfortable if she’s with other guys? - a little bit but not really, 	we’re not really even a thing. 

	Will this change her feelings about me? Idk, probably - probably be like 		fuck this guy. 


Cut it off before it hurts your feelings any further. It hurt last night already so don’t let it do more damage. Just tell her you can’t be friends with her for the time being, let’s reconnect in the future when I’ve moved on. 

Here’s the conundrum, all this girl said is let’s be friends, I’m not over my Ex yet. I clearly have feelings for you

How to get over your Ex podcast. 

Desire List: 
141.	Funny
142.	Dancer 
143.	Rider/Pillion rider 
144.	Smoker 
145.	Raver
146.	Cook/Chef
147.	Loyal 
148.	Not Needy 
149.	Sexual devient 
150.	Likes to travel and is flexible/easy going 
151.	Patient 
152.	Works in the airlines so I can save that MONEEE or has a job that allows for travel. 
153.	No money problems and relatively stable 
154.	Not interested in kids 

Key Questions: 
⁃	Why am I not over my Ex? 
	I feel like I might not find her equal - there is no equal to her but you will find someone that will make you happy and love you because you’re an amazing lover and an amazing person. 
	She’s my perfect match - She is not perfect, you know, she’s hella flawed just like me so there is no perfect match, I’m sure I’ll find someone that’s just as compatible. 
	Why am I obsessing over someone that’s not into me. There is definately someone out there that’s even better and is going to be into me. 
	Quyen is not the kind of woman that I want to lock it down with today but we’re all evolving and changing everyday. The way she behaves day to day is just not okay. 
⁃	What would a totally independent me that’s totally over my Ex do? 
	I would be presenting my best self to the world looking for the perfect fit, not just anybody but the perfect one that fits into my life like a piece of a puzzle. All while having a blast traveling, riding, raving and just overall, having a bomb ass time. 

Key Quotes: 
⁃	This happened For me and not To me. 
	
⁃	We all get what we tolerate. 
⁃	The breakup is not about me, it’s about us, it’s about her. 


Key to life: 
Feel your emotions, describe your emotions and then ask yourself why you feel this way and just write them down. A lot of times, the thoughts we muster up are nonsensical and this will slowly rewire your brain if you truly believe your thoughts are not substantiated. 

Dating tips: 
⁃	Ask the hard questions right away, use your desire list to formulate these questions. 


Hippie at heart 


That’s true, I am a hippie at heart, I don’t need a lot to be happy. A pretty girl to keep me company and fat blunt to take me into the clouds can keep me happy as a clam but I’m capable of so much. I have so much opportunity to experience so much in this world so why not. 


Note to DChoi - I could wait until she posts a story and respond to it blah blah blah or I could be straight forward. 

I loved the time we spend during EZoo, it was a blur but I still remember running off with you and having a blast. I loved the energy between us but I was dating someone at the time. If you’re single, I’d love to get to know you a little more. Lmk.

Questioning everything 

Sometimes, it’s impossible to move forward without thinking about the “What if’s”. I think what I need to understand is we are in the Now, the past is over, the future is waiting. 

I am in the present. 
Life is wonderful and full of opportunity. 
I’m in the most beautiful place on earth with the most beautiful people on earth. 

Am I loosing anything by allowing her to keep using Hulu? The only thing I can think of is seeing her name but it’s almost negligible and I have plenty of other things that remind me of her. The thing that fucked me up is her coming, it was also her saying she’s not interested in getting back together. It hurt my ego but it also made a lot of sense. Her reasons are valid. 

Here’s what I need to do, I need to make some money, go to the strip club, throw that shit around, get some ass and bring it home and break her back out in my balcony. That’s the play. Trust the process. 

Next step is doing a America tour where I meet all my hoes all over the country and get some LOOOVEEE, it’s much needed. Stop by SF and break Wei’s back, maybe meet up with DChoi, drop by the east coast, meet up with the Jewwww, maybe go to England and pound Siri’s throat one more time for old time’s sake. Of course, we’ll be back in SF to kick it with Mary. 

Apart from that, I also want some banger ass energy from my boy Fonz next Dirty Bird. 
When things get better with Akash, we can meet up with that boy. I got hella hype friends out here in San Diego, I’d say a close second is probably Sed but Fonz is way funnier. 

We gotta get Mujo out here. Alright the plans are in motion. 

That aside, I want to ensure I’m treating my body with compassion and empathy. Not intoxicating it to the point of no return. When I’m hanging out with people, I’m going to do all the things but when I’m by myself, I will do whatever I can to help my body grow, heal and prosper. I also want to learn to dance on beat. It’s not rocket science and it needs to be fixed.


I feel a bit confuzled. 

I’m unable to decide if I want to go to the dinner and shuffle meetup or not. I can either go or sit at home and chill. It’s nice to relax but I’ve been wanting to hang out with people. This is my chance to go hangout with some fun people. What’s my argument for sitting at home? I don’t feel like getting up - sure, but you’ve already changed and you already wanted to go to gloving meetup 

Viv: 
I’m interested in the consultation. I’m a bit scheptical so I will warn her that there’s a good chance I don’t sign up. How much do you charge or what’s your fee structure like? 

Tori: 
I initially wanted to talk to her about my indecision and life goals 


Where do I currently stand, I told Viv that I’m not sure what my goals are, why do I feel that way? 

I have a few goals written down but I’m not super motivated to chase them. I’m only motivated to chase for a partner. I guess I can still use that as drive but there aren’t really a lot of things you can do to find a partner besides like getting tinder pro or something. I feel like finding a partner is chance thing, there’s a certain amount luck involved and definitely some patience if you want to find a good match. 

I know trying to put more energy into expediting the process will only hurt me in the long run. The problem is that I don’t really care for the other goals right now. What other goals? 

I want to be a DJ that performs at EDC, that was something I really told myself when I was moving to San Diego. I figured since I’m in the west coast, I can work my way into the DJ scene. It’s a long and groulleing process. I could go to the. 

I ideally want to travel the world with a partner but that almost sounds impossible in the current state.



Okay, the coffee is bringing me back to life. Just went for a little walk and got some coffee, it was pleasant. I have a feeling I’m going to be fine. I was just on a wild ride and when a roller coaster shoots into the sky, sometimes if it doesn’t catch the orbit, it has to come crashing down in burning, flaming smokes. That’s what happened. 

Honestly, she was great but I can find myself someone that’s so much kinder to my gentle soul. She might not be as fun/hot but it doesn’t matter if she gives me peace. Don’t let anyone - however fun/sexy/important they are - disturb your peace.  

Any who, I’m about to post an instagram story of my mediocre shuffling but I need to get better, I want to focus on it heavier and get the most out of it. 




My heart feels like it’s been torn from my chest. Why are my feelings for this girl so strong? Is this my subconscious trying to convey some sort of message? 

My attachment to her has no limits. I’m going to go cold Turkey because it’s not fair to her for me to ask her to ignore everything that happened and just come back and love me. It’s not fair to me if I’m going to continue thinking about her when there’s no future in sight. 

Everyone is different and she didn’t do anything that really scarred me besides her leaving. Point is, I did, I hurt her in ways that she can’t get over. In way’s that make it impossible for her to see me in the light that I want to be seen in. It’s my fault it’s something I regret - now and forever but it is what it is. Life is long, maybe in the future one day, we’ll be together or maybe in another life after all these bad memories are shed and the only thing that remains is our vibrant souls.


Everything is okay, I just want to dwell on this pain. Honestly, I think distracting myself with work is a much better way to go forward instead sitting here and just spiraling out of control with these thoughts of heartbreak. 

This is nothing new, As lovely as it was holding her hands again when she rode on my bike, as great as it was laughing with her, where there is a rise, there is also a dip and I’ve fallen in the dip. If I want to take some time off today to heal, I’m okay with that. Maybe I’ll go to the beach and watch the waves for a while. THere’s nothing critical and it’s been a pretty rough week tbh, it’ll be a nice release. 

The thing that scares me is that I might just wallow in pain all day if I take the time off. No, I’ll figure out a way to enjoy it. 


She’s saying there are: 
155.	Unresolved issues
156.	She understands where we went wrong 
157.	She’s not ready to discuss it with me
158.	

Do you care if I walk off with some woman tomorrow? Are you okay with that if I’m happy? Idk if I


Hey, I know there’s a lot going on in your head right now and it’s okay. These feelings are real and they are telling you something, just listen to them. 
159.	For one, you are hearing your soul tell you that the job you’re working on isn’t satisfying the soul. Let’s find different work, change in people/change in work could be what you’re looking for. The constant heavy workload and heavy competition. 
160.	What I’m concerned about is the pay, I really don’t want to take a cut because cali is already expensive and I’m making it work with my current salary, it’d be tough to go any lower. 
161.	This makes my job hunt slightly harder and longer but doesn’t mean it can’t be done. Who knows where the next opportunity will lead me. 
162.	Is there a way to make my experience at EY better? Idk, getting promoted is only going to be more stressful. 
163.	It’s okay if it takes a minute because they treat me pretty well and right now, my team is pretty good. I just need to set my own boundaries so I can make my experience more pleasurable and come in to work more often. 

It’s not that this work is too hard or that there’s too much going on but sometimes it just get’s so repetitive and endless that it sucks. 

Any who, moving onto a different aspect of my life. Quyen Le has been playing me like a fiddle. She ignores me when she wants, she comes back when she wants, I’ll do the same. It’s simple really. 

More importantly, I want to lay down the lay down the law of the land. It took me forever and a day to get over this girl. I don’t even know how I did it. I wouldn’t even say I’m over her but at least to get away from the literal pain in my chest, it took forever. I’m not going to let her cause anymore pain to me. It’s too soon for her to come into my life as a friend. I agree that she might be more emotionally intelligent and she’s going according to her comfort level. Idk, those are all assumptions tho, assumptions based on facts, she’s been here twice in past month or so. She’s been texting and talking to me. She has been hesitant sometimes. 


I want to ask her what her intentions are. Does she want to get back with me? The question then is what are my intentions? Do I want to get back with her? Yes, but we live literally across the country. I know but when we do get to hangout, I want to treat her like my girlfriend, not a friend, not an Ex. If we are both in alignment that we want to be together, then we’ll figure out how to make it happen 

It’s too painful to treat her like anything else in all honesty, I’m really glad we got to hang out and laugh a little after all the turmoil. Things ended in such bad taste in Philly so this little reunion was a blessing. 

Here’s what I want to say to her: 

I’ve really loved reconnecting with you over the past few months, I think it’s what we needed after things ending so poorly in Philly. I want to be clear about my intentions. I’m not in a place where I can just be friends with you. My feelings are still strong and talking you to and getting close to you is only making them stronger. I would love to try again if you feel the same way. If you don’t feel the same way, I think we should stop talking for another year or so until I can fully heal from the heartbreak and move on. By then, I will probably be in a place where we can just be friends. 


Think about it from a higher perspective. She left last year because she was tired of your BS and Pranav and everything. It’s basically a huge red flag showing me that she will do as she pleases without much regard to anyone else. That’s not good. I was so close to formally introducing her to my family and moving forward there. Anyways, based on this line of thinking, am I doing anything wrong by letting her back in? Am I disrespecting myself? 


The question is this, if she agrees, that would put me in a long distance relationship. Honestly, it’s better than being single. If I find someone here that I want to get serious with, I would have to break it off with Quyen, vice versa, if she finds someone better over there, she can cut it off.  

Feeling blessed

Being able to come out on Monday morning for an amazing breakfast with friends. The thing I felt even more blessed about is being able to enjoy the company of these absolutely gorgeous woman. Not even about talking to them or fucking them but just enjoying their presence. 

Overall, I’m just very happy today, I like how the day started. I love my morning meditation ritual. And these little puppies 

My inbox has NINE messages okay, I feel famous and I don’t how to handle all this attention. What do I do, it’s like Everybody wants to talk to me, I can’t handle this, this is too much, the famous life isn’t for me, take it back Kim. 

I think my time at Copa is done, I’m gonna head out now. I feel like I should stay for a bit longer since I’ve had a good meal here, I have some coffee left. I’m tweaking so hard tho, this coffee’s got me like O.O. 

I’m an eligible bachelor and I’m ready to be on TV. I’m kidding but I think a walk home with some good tunes will help me ground a little and then I can get back to work. I might stay downstairs, hangout in the lounge area or by the pool for a little bit. 

The internet there sucks



My mind is so clear, I just finished a bit of meditation and I just feel focused and more spiritual. Here are some cool ideas I came up while meditating 

164.	Have a Sunday day trip with the shuffle fam. 
165.	Plan out the dinner with Tori - wed 
166.	Go to Copa, get breakfast and coffee 
167.	Upload my insta 360 footage 
168.	Maybe grill up one of these days - potentially Tuesday evening 
169.	Let’s get the hotel for Escape, thinking about DreamState but maybe I’ll decide on dream state based on





I’m feeling a bit overwhelmed by all the work streams I’m having to deal with. I do want the credit, that’s why I’ve been getting involved but if I don’t make a good contribution, that’s going to act against me instead of for me. 

170.	NC stuff is obviously priority
171.	Then we have this deck building exercise for CAI practice development 
172.	Then we have the Architecture Confirmation for NLS. 

I think we can 


Good morning 


A beautiful day in San Diego, got out to pick up some toothpaste from Albertsons. 

We’re going to pivot our strategy, we don’t focus on asking people out, we go out and have fun and let them follow. We don’t ask people for rides, they ask me. Something that was said earlier resonated, fuck trying to find a girl, let’s make that moneeeee and woman will follow. 

Let’s make waves! Tsunami’s! Shit that’s just impossible to ignore. Accomplishments that will set me miles ahead of the game. That aside, I’m feeling good, got my coffee and I’m about to get in on this bitch. 

I’ll probably talk to Quyen later today about EDC.

You have so much to offer Sai 

Jamaal has told you this, your parents have told you this and it’s fact, it’s as true as the sun rises in the east. You are a healthy successful young man. You don’t have any major psychological problems, you have a light weed addiction but it’s not overly concerning. You cook, you have a big dick, you have hobbies and do fun shit all the time, there is no doubt that you will entertain the woman you’re going to be with. You have so much going for you and here you are thirsting over trash. You make 6 figs, you own a motorcycle, you are in good shape, you have an amazing apartment that overlooks all of San Diego. You really do not need to worry about these hoes out here. Get your head in the game of success, the game of winning, doing amazing things or simply having a good time, just go have a good time. If you can’t have a good time without a girl, then get a girl and then have a good time. Quyen is not the only woman in this world. Do things that make it irresistible for anyone to say no to. 

Get a escape ticket for the columbian girl, be her sugar daddy for a while, let that release some of your desire.



Stepped out for breakfast and I just feel disturbed. I don’t know why it bothered me so much when she was talking about my uncle’s property and their investments, maybe I felt inferior because I couldn’t invest at the scale that they do but it doesn’t matter. I have a great career and all that property is just an added asset. Something to make yourself feel more important and more successful from a financial perspective but that’s all it is. It doesn’t define who you are or your success. 

Another thing I was thinking about as I was baking in the sun for a bit was the idea of “want”. As Buddha said, it’s a cause of all the pain in this world but it’s also the source of so much beauty. If people didn’t act on desire, we wouldn’t have the great monuments, great love stories, great gadgets like this beautiful MacBook that I’m typing away on. 

I have such a strong desire in my soul to find a partner, to find someone that I can share a life with. I know I’ve always had a burning desire for a girlfriend, having experienced that life with Quyen with our little kitties, our fights, our adventures, it’s been really hard to live without all of that. I know her life still comprises of most of those things, the adventure, the cats and probably some dick here and there.

Emotions are running wild 


I’m at my parents house, it was my parents birthday yesterday. It was a great birthday celebration, I got him the boy a suit and took him to Sean’s reception. It was cute watching him be all shy. He was well behaved and in a place where he didn’t know anyone else, I didn’t expect anything more. Let’s not digress, my emotions have been getting the better of me, they’ve been pushing me towards confronting Quyen and clearing out our differences and having that conversation where we decide on what we want to do. 

It definitely rushes the decision instead of letting it play it’s course but I’m done letting shit run it’s course, we’re making decisions and taking action. I don’t like being single, life isn’t meant to be lived by yourself. I’m happy with myself, I’m comfortable in my skin but I’m just not happy being single. 

What’s important is understanding how she feels, how does she feel about our relationship. I can’t stress about no bitch cuz I’m a timid soul. Does she idolize it the way I do or is it just another one for her? Does she see a future for us? I want to give it one week. Next Monday, let’s hit her up and have this conversation. I’m not trynna be all up in her business. 

In terms of my social life, let’s keep myself, keep doing me, keep doing the best and keep impressing these hoes. It’s temporary, trust.

What’s going on and how do I want to tread forward? 


Quyen’s coming back into my life like wildfire. She’s coming and I’m no different, I’m pulling her in like a freakin riptide. 

I feel conflicted but my actions saw otherwise. I feel like I’m going crazy. I don’t want to shower her with love and affection because I’m upset that she walked off the way that she did. She hurt me, emotionally and financially when she made the unanimous decision to move out. 

However, when she was here or even before that, all I want to do is shower her with gifts. Why? Why am I giving her things to make her happy? Well, for one, seeing her happy makes me happy, me being the cause of happiness makes me even happier and I know subconsciously I’m trying to get back with her. 

I want to be pro active in my approach instead of re active. I feel like so far I’ve been re active. I’m also not going to waste my time worrying about this nonsense. I trust myself to act in my best interest when the time comes. I do have to set my intentions and my intentions are clear. I want to be in a relationship with someone that treats me as the man of the relationship, I will hold myself to those standards. I refuse to hold myself to lower standards. Also, I want to be with someone that puts an equal amount of love and time into the relationship. My intentions are clear, I am more then happy to get into a relationship with her if she respects me 




















We had a great time last night, we got to hangout, eat tacos, play some drinking games. 

I love her you dumb ho and she’s not that bad of girl to get involved with. She’s not wealthy wealthy but she’s pretty. She doesn’t have much of an education but that is something that can be fixed. Easier than the wealth in the least. She’s a great cook and she’s into most of the things I’m into and I’m into most of the things she’s into. 


Listening to this band play some love struck beach bum nonsense and it feels great. It resonates with my soul right now. 

I know getting together has its risks but I’m not going to let fear dictate my actions. It’s about being mindful. I want to be with someone I can communicate with easily. Maybe we can work together to improve the way we communicate with one another. 

There’s alot of things that have been pushed under the rug and I’m not fully comfortable bringing all that out. I think she’s scared of it too, when I brought it up off hand yesterday, she was like, it’s late, I gotta bounce. 

I’m in love

Brainstorming 

Quyen is in town and hit me up, it’s 5, getting close to 6, what are some things we can do. 

173.	Maybe go to a restaurant again and get some dinner/drinks. 
174.	Go on a motorcycle ride, we could ride through Coronado and stop by Tacos El Gordos 
175.	She could come over to my place and I could make her some chicken tikka masala while we hangout. 
176.	We could hit the Jacuzzi downstairs. 
177.	We could do mushrooms if we start soon, really depends on when she has to return. 
178.	We could go Bachata dancing 
179.	We could go to the dinosaur cafe, have a few Negronis and chill 
180.	We could go to Balboa - meh 




It’s 1pm on a Saturday morning. I’m still awake from the night before and I’m very out of it. I’m in like a weird limbo, can’t sleep but I’m tired. I don’t have the energy to do intense tasks. I might just smoke through the day and take it easy. Tomorrow, I’m gonna fix up my car at Mieneke. I low key would like to go on a motorcycle ride but I want to be more clear of mind before I hop on my baby. 

I spoke to Quyen this morning, it was fun. She showed me cats and told me about her night out with her friends. Unfortunately she hurt her back working out, hope she feels better. I can start to feel my feelings for her rise but I’ve set my intentions.

Why Am I like this? 

Idk, I love myself so the fuck you mean? 
Like why tho? 

Idk, my whole life made me who I am and my genetics and karma and the universe and the lord almighty, we’re done here, good bye.


What’s the future I envision for myself or the future I envision for the ideal version of my life. 
181.	A beautiful wife that is loving, loyal and contributes to my success. 
182.	A healthy body full of energy and sexiness. 
183.	A life filled with great hobbies and wonderful adventures. 
184.	My family is happy and successful  
185.	I’ve got a cute little house in the beautiful place with my poppers and my kitties. 
186.	We travel the world all the time and home base is somewhere amazing like San Diego. 
187.	I want to become an amazing dancer, one that just knocks people off their feet, like oooof, who dis boy?
188.	I could 

I’m sitting here in my Karl Lagger-field smelling like a bouquet of flowers. I love my life. I do wish I was pulling more woman but it’s a process, gotta trust the process. Let her feel comfortable with you and then you FUCK her, jeeezus. Nah, it’s not that big a deal, I know once I’m in bed, I’m gonna be elated but I’m also gonna be like, this is what I was going buck wild for? 

Anywho, let’s show this world what we’re made of, it’s not what’s on the outside even thought the outside is looking mighty fine. Let’s make some waves baby, I need this whole company sucking me off. 

Let’s focus on some self care. 💆‍♀️ 
Why am I like this, why do I love to dress up? Idk, but these new hobbies and interests are always popping up and it’s awesome to indulge and explore what your soul conjures when you allow it to. 

What I want to do in the short term is provide an amazing musical experience this Thursday. 




It’s a beautiful morning, the songs are busing and the coffee is flowing. I feel good. I’m a little lightheaded from the the little smoke but otherwise, I’m pretty clear headed and dead set on success baby. Trynna pull out here. 

Anywho, I’m doing everything in my power to live my best life, contribute to the life of my loved ones. I’ve been talking to Quyen and it’s nice. I like it, poor girl was telling me about her fire sign and hex issues last night, it was funny. I low key predicted today was going to be one these days.



So there’s so much going on. It’s Friday and I’m sitting at COPA having a great morning. A little journaling to start the day. I’m wearing my new Shein Merch and I look fly as fuck. 

I don’t know why sitting here at this cafe and listening to some music on my headphones feels so good. There’s some glow, some fuzz I feel in my soul. I’m going to do my best. 

So what’s the plan? What do we want to do today?

Let’s clean up anything that needs to be done for NC. 
Let’s do some research for NLS. 
Let’s try and push forward for the CAI DAW. 

After that, I can hit up Lumi later at night if I feel like it. $
I can also hit up the Umbrella friends. $$
I can grill up some meats and hit the jacuzzi  
I can ride into the valley $

Outside of this, I wanna figure out what I want to do for my brothers birthday. It’s next week! 
189.	Make him a nice little gift basket of gifts from the mall. 
190.	Take him to Universal studio (I’m gonna hand this to dad) 
191.	I’m gonna get some tickets for Berkley - I might take him for a weekend and I might stay for a week or so. Let’s figure this out. 
192.	Take the family out for dinner 

I feel good that I’ve got some closure on Quyen. I made up my mind. The girls gotta respect me, treat me like a King. I’m done playing by her rules, her terms. She walks into my life whenever she wants and leaves whenever she wants, nah, it doesn’t work like that and if she can’t get behind that, well, let’s be chill then. 

Let’s get into this 



Let’s talk about an important topic. How do I want to proceed with Quyen? It’s true that it’s not natural to be putting off this decision for this long. Just a Yes/No so I can set my intentions and whatever happens… happens. 

Let’s think outside the box, maybe it’s not a simple yes or no. My intention could simply be that I want to be with the girl that will provide the most value to my life in all regards. Because I feel this way, it’s important for me to shine. It’s important for me to become the source of happiness, of life, of love, of joy. The most important job I have right now is to keep myself happy and do things that genuinely satisfy my soul.


I feel bad that I haven’t really done much today in terms of work products. I don’t really have too much work to do so maybe I can just take it easy today if I want to instead of forcing myself to work hard. What does taking it easy mean? Maybe going to the beach later today to take in the sunset. Riding around on my bike. 


I want to run my own fleet of motorcycles while I’m here in San Diego. Essentially use the ride share apps to have my own motorcycles and rent them out, run repairs on them and maintain them. I personally want to learn all that myself. It would be fun hobby to have

Changing the Strat 


We’re on our road to financial wellness. It’s time to continue this momentum and get everything else in order. Here are some of my main things I want to get sorted out sooner rather than later. 
193.	Car registration (transfer title to CA, pay the fee, smog check, out of state reg, insurance. )
194.	Getting a few parts and accessories for my motorcycle (so I can Uber Eats) Get a full seat, get a phone charging system. 
195.	Repair car(called Meineke) and get seat covers ($100)

Am I forgetting anything major? Not really. Let’s prioritize, budget and move forward. 
Here are some more things I want to do. 

⁃	I want to take my brother to Berkley 
	I need two flight tickets and a hotel room. It’s going to be one weekend.  (500 dollars(200 flights + hotels + Car + Food) ) 
	Universal studios ($250)

I can also wait until this split happens and then will have the ability to invest in any company instead of being restricted. 


Am I ready to get to work? I have 45 minutes till my Voice Flow call and then I have the COE call. 
I had a bunch of fun all morning so let’s get serious and complete a bunch of amazing work items so we can feel like we’re on top of the world! I’ll have the satisfaction of having a super fun morning. Let me tell you about this morning, It started with waking up past my alarm, napping through an hour long KT session which was great~ I then smoked a little, played a little bit of COD, made some rice and had some stir fry and the peanut powder, I can still taste it with Ghee, ooof. Anywho, now I want to get serious about the work items for today. It’s 10 AM and I have the whole day to complete amazing pieces of work and maybe hit the gym, it will save me from having to go tomorrow. I have the shuffle meet in the evening and I low key really liked going to the gym at the time that I did last night. I can do the same thing today, maybe hit the pool right after. I’ve been smoking through this week and I want to take it easy, the push and the pull. 

I still think the skull I received is super suspicious, it also smells bad. Maybe I’l give it away. It’s only worth $25. 

So anyways, I spoke of all this success that I want to gun for today, what is it exactly? 

⁃	I want to continue the registration process
⁃	Work on the NLS project and help with the research
⁃	Take initiative in the CAI DAW project
⁃	Start looking for some certifications that will help your career growth. (Maybe the Berkley program for Ai & automation) 
⁃	Look into the trave


I don’t have to list these out - I have large enough to do lists to keep me busy but I don’t want to just work hard, I want to work smart. Do strategic things that help push me to the next level. 


Outside of that, I also want to start passing around my card, I don’t have to do it aggressively but I can start and also prepare myself to play on CDJ’s. Also have the performance next Thursday. I might Uber Eats for a bit later in the day. 

I’m trying to think what I would be super proud of if I successfully completed. Honestly there are a few things that would make me super happy Professionally
	Making real progress on the CAI DAW
	Getting praise within EY from my colleagues. 
	Getting a DJ gig in San Diego 
	Making fly as fuck mercy labelled Psy Guy 


It’s cloudy today 

I have 5 minutes and there are quite a few thoughts buzzing through my head. I wanted to take some time to poop them out into the world. Anywho, what’s on my mind? 

196.	Is Quyền the right girl for me? - million dollar question 
197.	I want to become renowned throughout my workplace, how do I do that? 
198.	I want to find a woman to love and one that will love me, do I need to go through an arranged marriage? How can I find a woman out here in San Diego. I feel like I have so much to offer, I don’t understand why I’m not finding dates and potential mates. Maybe I’m not looking in the right place or I’m doing something wrong, idk. Maybe I just need to be more social when I’m out and about and introduce myself to more people. 

There’s more to dig here, we’ll come back to it. 


My heart is full 


Just unloading my heart here because it’s fluttering with ideas and motivation. I love it. I show my soul some love and it returns the favor. When my soul is satisfied and happy, it pushes me past my limits, it makes me want to be the best, the very best and that’s how I feel this moment. 

I’m going to crush EY first, then I’ll crush the gym, I’ll chill in the evening, take care of some of my personal matters and prepare myself for tomorrow. I might ask Lilly if she wants to do some shrooms with me. She seemed like a chill girl. Tomorrow’s going to be a stacked day

If I get on insta, take a solid 10 minutes to do everything you want to do and then go to do not disturb and work. I think that’s an efficient way for me. I might be getting Sed’s cat for a week, I don’t mind as long as his Tabby isn’t a butthole. 

I also want to finalize these rave tickets. I want to go to Escape but it’s going to be a little bit of money. I’ve only been to the NOS center way back when for Countdown so going back there for a show after returning to Cali sounds like a good idea. At the same time, I really do want to check out dirty bird. 

IM GOING TO ESCAPE! Pretty freakin stoked, gotta take that Friday and Monday off. Shouldn’t be too much of a hassle. I have the functional training but I’m sure it won’t. 

Yeah, I mean, I definitely do want to keep raving so I just have to get passes for events that I want to go to way in future.

What’s Gucci? 

I’m chillin, just wanted to make a little entry. 
I don’t really have alot of thoughts in my head right now so…

Yeah, I mean I Could write about Quyen. That’s something I’ve been wanting to think about. She great and I love her but she comes with a whole set of problems that I don’t really want to deal with. I’m sure I have a few things she would have to deal with too. This is about me, how I feel, not about her or how she feels. But yeah, essentially I’m a little worried about spending a life with her and the downstream consequences. There is a possibility that life is just great, we get together and build a life together and stay happy and together for the rest of our lives. There’s also a possibility that I meet a beautiful woman that I think would lead to a better life. Either way, there are possibilities. I don’t think choosing one is going to help. I think I must let the opportunity pick me. Just be at my best, be radiant, be happy, be fit, be successful. You are all these things but expand, be more of what you are and the woman of you dreams will enter your life. 

This is a little message from god/the conscious, the sub conscious that whispered these words as I started typing. There’s something thinking that I really love, I can sit there and think about random things for hours. When I have a piece of paper in front of me, I think it makes it even easier. 

I kind of disagree with myself, if I let the universe choose for me and say, Quyen decided to take me back, do I let her? Do I know for certain if any of these woman I’m talking to actually like me? I don’t but there’s possibility and there’s possibility there’s another woman out there. In my best interest, I’m going to draw out this getting back together thing so there are no expectations of loyalty. I really do feel if my parents had someone, they would have showed her to me. I could poke around and see if they have anyone in mind but I’m almost certain, all those girls are going to be fobby. Does it really matter? Idk, it’s just not that attractive. If they have a girl here, I still doubt she’d be as cool as Quyen but she would be a much safer bet. 

Do I want a safe bet or a riskier bet where I could have a dope life. Honestly, I don’t think about this much but

What’s going on buddy 

Idk, maybe it’s seasonal depression, I feel kinda low energy today. I was hoping the coffee and food would help but I think they made me feel even more lethargic. 

I feel a little better at Copa. It’s lively here, I met my coffee shop friends and it feels good. It’s just that I’ve got a few things piling up on my head and I don’t like it but I also don’t have the motivation to grind through it all. I low key wanna just smoke a fat one and lay in a hammock in my balcony until the sun sets and then go shuffle with all my homeskittles. 

Homeskittles isn’t a word, idc bitch, it is now! 

What else, how’s life? - fuckin Kunj just hit me up. This dude probably has a some shit he wants sorted and I am not in the mood for it. I might just go home and smoke a fat bowl. 

Maybe I will do that, I’m also considering what else I can do to cheer myself up. Maybe some mushies but that’s a little intense/insane. I could go for a motorcycle ride later in the day after work. That would be pretty nice. 

A coffee date with a cute girl would soothe me soul. *hops on to tinder* 
I’m such a privileged bitch, I can just call sick, I work from home, I can even just take some time off during the day because I feel like it. I’m very grateful and I don’t want to rub it in people’s faces but at the same time, I’m single so I gotta flex out here until I find my baby girl. 

Speaking of baby girls, how’s the old LE doing? She’s fabulous as always, cute and sexy. Mellow but fiery, a world of dichotomies but all the more reason to love her. I could just finish up the little things that Molly asked for today and take it easy for an hour or two - finish up my afternoon meetings and live in a hazy wonderland for the rest of the day. I’m not going to lie, this weeks been that way. I wish I had a hammock for my balcony, something I can lay in for all my woes. 

The time is Now. We got things on our to do list, if we start going through them, I garuntee you’ll feel good. I’m going to play a quick round of clash Royale and start on Molly’s to do list.

Sometimes I don’t want to do crap 

It’s weird, I was so headset on doing so much today that I thought I wouldn’t have time for anything but now that today is here, I’ve been taking it so easy. I know what I have to do but the motivation isn’t there. There aren’t any burning deadlines - well, there are. The biggest one being my performance tomorrow evening. 

If I can impress these people, I am setting myself up for success. I want to put together some heat that I know is going to get people moving and freakin turnt. That’s my job right. Anywho, outside of that, I’m working on NLS but I’ve lost the momentum I had last week. I want to contribute but I don’t tbh. I don’t really see a rainbow at the end of the tunnel. Idk, I’ve tried all the things that generally cheer me up but nothing seems to be working. 

I just remember that day when I finished up my investment portfolio, I had a feeling of content and safety. I have an COE call in a 15 so I’m going to do a few dry runs so I go through this presentation as smooth as butter. 


Brain poop 

So it’s 4pm on a Monday. Didn’t have any work today because it’s Labor Day! I’m chillin at home, went out partying with Enzo and gang last night, it was fun, I spent zero dollars so that was dope. We had some late night Adelberto’s Mexican food and got in some bomb ass house music by Felix da House Cat. Otherwise, I’m happy that I’m getting my life together. I’m controlling my intake and controlling my spend. I have a new way of money management in place that I’m planning on practicing from yesterday. Invested and divested my moneeees so I can start building up some assets. 

The goal is to invest wisely so I might have a bit more money by the time I find the house of my dreams. At the same time, I’m saving 2 g’s every month and investing the money in something I feel is worthwhile (Gold, stock, bitcoin) this fund is going to help me save money for big trips and excursions so I don’t have to feel broke anymore. I’m not broke, I was just stagnating for about a year financially with the move to San Diego and bad money habits. The choice is simple, if I want to maintain my lifestyle, live in SD sustainably, I need to get rid of my old money habits and start new one’s. 

I’ve also ordered my business cards so they should be arriving any day now, Once I get them, I’ll start going around the city sharing my business cards with all the venues around so I can get gigs. I feel a bit stuck with the CAI DAW. How can I design the front end.

It felt amazing 

	It really did, riding around with her arms around my waist. Having her on my back zig zagging through the streets of San Diego. It really was a heartwarming experience. I’m really happy that she’s been able to do well over the past year and has been. I love her, there’s never been any question about that, I feel it still. 

	I really wish I could live happily ever after with her and a part of me thinks it’s possible. We could be a happy family. Another part of me worries that the same problems we had in the past will come back. This part of me wants me to shun her completely so we don’t develop any more feelings. I don’t want to and it’s going to be next to impossible for me to do that. 

	I was just in my head a little and I was feeling like I wasn’t in a good state of mind. It could be because the thought of Quyen entering my life is a bit stressful. I’m going to continue going with the flow and doing my best but the problem is how can I do my best when I don’t have a set direction. It’s really going to depend on how she feels and how we can do things differently this time. I’m scared of letting someone into my life that just up and left one day. That makes me feel very insecure, she had her reasons, we were young and stupid but I also don’t think I can handle another heartbreak. That’s what makes me want to go to my parents and ask them to look for a girl because in my head, this girl is less likely to run off the way Quyen did. 

Let’s put this all to the side and live our best life. What’s that mean? What’s the best version of Sai you can envision? 

	Someone that’s out building the coolest shit in the 21st century. Creating music that’s inspiring people and building sound software that’s changing the game. That’s the goal. The women come to him because his name is out there, it’s big, it’s large. His personal life consists of a cute ass girl that takes care of him and loves him for who he is. He takes care of his parents and his family. He helps the community that he lives in by helping the needy, helping uplift the people stuck at the bottom. People love him for who he is and some cuz of all the drip drop. 

	I don’t need to spend all my time thinking about this girl and worrying about what’s going to happen. I will make the decision that’s right for me when the time is right. I trust in myself and my intuition - everyday we’re getting wiser. I want to focus on my work products, both EY work products and my personal projects. 

	The best version of me has good money habits, he is able to maintain a healthy a steady flow of money each month based on the income

Financial comfort

199.	Month to month is not a healthy way to move forward so what can I do to make a difference? 

What did Sashank say? 
He’s basically saying that people are adaptable, don’t change your lifestyle but cut down the frequency at which you do stuff. This way, you will continue to live your best life and have all the nice things that you want in your life but in a more sustainable way. He also said that we don’t usually save money by making more money, it’s usually our spending habits that hurt us. One thing that I’ve done to mitigate this is setting myself a 100 cap, I can impulse around below that amount but 

I want to try it this month and see what kind of results it brings. 

⁃	What are things that I do alot of? The answer is simple, partying and drinking. I don’t have to stop partying and drinking but cutting down the frequency would be a good way to save some cash. What are other things that I do to fill my time shopping, cafe’s, grilling, swimming pool, gym, motorcycle riding, having friends over, smoking. 

⁃	What are things that I’m willing to cut down on that would save me money? Partying - what fill this time with? What’s something that I would genuinely enjoying doing on the weekend? I like being active, I like music, I like dancing, I like hanging out with my friends. - honestly, I can probably do all of these things without having to go to a real party/venue. Once you’re at a venue, you start drinking and money flies out your pocket. 

⁃	I could also spend more of my time learning how to dance because that’s important to me, spending time and money learning how to dance is much cheaper 

10.	The only other place where I spend a significant amount of money is going to cafe’s. I don’t think I spend too much money on this. Over the past week, I spent around $100 for food and coffee in the morning.  

My goal right now is meeting people, socializing and finding the right partner for me. I think party’s are cool ways to meet people but they rarely lead to friends, the last real friend I met at a party is Jammo. Cafe’s however have proved to get me pretty good results. Cafe’s give me a reason to get dressed and go out. 


One of things Sashank was getting at is the fact that taking a step down in terms of comfort isn’t going to significantly make you sadder or happier. He was getting at the fact that he was about just as happy in India as he is here. Even Jamaal would agree that I’m spending way too much on the apartment. 

These are the things that I can do in order to save more: 
9.	Party less frequently 
10.	Find a place with a room mate 
11.	Do more things that add value instead of cut down value (for example, become a DJ so you’re invited to all these venues, they pay you to be there instead of the other way around, it develops your mixing skills, adds respect to your name and who knows, you might just pop off. I think a good route to go is through Adrian. 
12.	I can find more things to do that don’t require a lot of money like going somewhere beautiful on my bike or my car. 


Buying vs renting in San Diego 

Let’s talk about it. Some of the conversation with Naji really resonated. 


Thoughts? 


Idk why I feel so self conscious sitting next to this couple that are chatting right next to me. It’s just weird energy, people are shy and trying to be comfortable with each other. Sometimes you feel things, you just have to let the feelings go through you. 

Once the random white lady left and I surged on Instagram for a little bit, I felt a lot free-er. 


Just got back from COPA and I’m sitting at the pool chilling. It was cool meeting that couple but I think today, I just have that social anxiety, I feel myself over speaking -  sitting by the pool with a light breeze feels so goddamn amazing. I’m so blessed, my life is brimming with blessings. Even this gap year with my relationship has helped me grow so much, it’s helped me understand myself, my soul and is helping me grow into an even better companion and a better person. How? I’ve dug so deep into the wrongs of my past relationship and I’ve been making changes to the way I behave due to this breakup. I’ve definitely become a better person. 

The waiter here at Copa just seems so attractive, her smile, her demeanor but mostly her chill clothing, her super baggy plaid shirt just makes her seam like she doesn’t really want the attention. It easy to talk to her because her appearance doesn’t distract you from the conversation. It’s a little hard talking to girl that’s looking smoking hot. It’s just a breath of fresh air you know, even her pants are baggy and it just brings this chillness about her. It’s the Aura, Aura is the aura. 

Anywho, let’s talk about what matters. What’s some important tasks that you want to do today? Things that bring value and satisfaction to your life? I want to make progress in the NLS front, I want to start building out the mockup of the front end. For the front end, I think it would make sense to reach out to a front end folk on my LinkedIn and get their input but first I need to build the Figma with Zuri. 


N:OW - that’s the time 



I’m at Copa. 

Idk something about this place makes me want to pour out my soul. Dig real deep and find every thorn, every pleasure and bask in it. It could be the delicious coffee paired with the lovely ambiance here. It’s always a fun time. 

Everyone likes to sit with people as they work on their excel’s. Anywho, I’m here and I have a couple of work items pending so let me finish those off first. 


So here I am sitting and meeting a random stranger named Jennifer. We had a cool conversation and I had a cup of oat milk latte nitro cold brew. I’m about to leave soon but I wanted to make a quick journal entry of how I feel before I go. 

How do I feel? 
I feel good, my hearts racing a little because of this coffee but otherwise, no complaints. Sometimes I feel the need to make conversation just so I don’t feel awkward but I think it’s important to feel comfortable in each others silence, whether that be someone you met a few days ago or someone you’ve been with forever. 

I still feel some sort of way about Quyen but we don’t need to get into that now. I feel like it’s time to move on. It’s time to get her off my TV and move On. The girl I met last night was super cute “Lilly”. She’s got charm, a cute ass and seems like she’s into the rave culture out here.



I feel it right now, I just want to fool around and not work. I can ignore it and continue working but I would rather if I felt like pushing forward and knocking off all the tasks on my to do list. What’s my motivation? I want to crush this job and life in general. I want to get recognition and fame as the best conversational designer at EY.

Coffee and cigarettes 


It’s Monday morning and I’m washing the weekend out of me slowly. I had such a fun time Saturday night, it was totally unexpected but it was a grand time. 

It was a super wholesome weekend, started it off with hanging with my parents for a little bit, got some good food and dipped back to SD after some shenanigans. 

Saturday night was something else, all my emotions were magnified in tipsy crow. I remember feeling so content hanging out with her because I technically had a girl at the venue. I didn’t feel like a creep trying to dance with random people. I felt like I belonged and I was adding energy to the floor, fuck adding energy, I felt like I controlled that dance floor. 

The little creepy asian guy was something. He wanted to fuck us. 

Overall, I’m super happy about it. The next day was perfect, played board games and smoked all day, it was perfect. I felt a little bad cuz I showed up to Jay’s thing kinda late and left kinda early. 

My soul is happy. That’s all I have to say.


My therapist is not feeling well. I feel like I need to take ownership of my decisions and continue to trust myself and my gut. What I did for Quyen was the right thing to do. It resonated with my soul. I wanted to help someone that meant a lot to me. 

Similarly, there are a few more things that need to be decided. 
200.	The wedding tomorrow, tbh, it’s going to be the whole Priyanka and gang, in all honesty, I’m not that into meeting them, sure, they’re rich and fairly successful but it’s whatever. I don’t feel too much love from them nor do I feel too much love for wanting to be there. It would be nice to wear my dope fits to this wedding. 

⁃	Regarding the boat party next week, that sounds hella fun and would like to go for it. Let’s RSVP to Hetta. She’s got a boat load of people so it should be pretty fun. 

⁃	What I said yesterday was absolutely true, Quyen’s great but I want someone better for my life. It’s not going to be easy but it’s gonna be fun! I gotta keep on my workout regimen, other then that, keep doing me, go out, have fun, smile and laugh a lot. 




Let’s say I had massive amnesia and today is the first day of the rest of my life, what will I do today? 

⁃	I would probably fly around on my motorcycle and dance to some house music. Try and talk to a pretty girl and make some insanely awesome piece of technology that will blow people’s minds. 

11.	Right now, I’m building out two crazy pieces of software that are going to revolutionize the industry. From an EY perspective, a knowledge management solution that allows you to query your KB in natural language. 

13.	It’s nice to come out and meet some new people. 



Let’s reach into my soul and pull out the thorns 

Sometimes, a puff or two deep, I can really feel the things that are pestering my soul or disturbing my peace. One of the things that’s been disturbing my peace is Quyen and I honestly feel that pulling her out and tossing her out of my life would be for the best. It’s going to hurt a little, approximately 24 dollars a month more but I will feel a relieved of her. 

Let’s think about the phone call situation a few days ago, I called her because I was craving it for about 2 days. Did it do me any harm? Not really, it’s pretty inconsequential. What I don’t understand is why you gave her 2g’s if you wanted to toss her out of your life. 

It felt like you were trying avidly to keep her in your life, asking her to bring Mu and so on. So why act bipolar and try to push her out right after you pulled her in? I’m not criticizing you for feeling the way you feel, I’m trying to understand where it’s coming from. If the feeling has valid cause, it’s something I should take action on. If the cause of the feeling doesn’t hold weight, I should feel the feeling, acknowledge it but not act on it. 

I can feel it sometimes, when I get start thinking more intensely, I sometimes hold my breath. 

Anyways, I think she’s pretty whatever. She ain’t no angel, am a bit obsessed, yes, but I’m human, what can we do. Getting more signs of her out of my life would help me in the long run. I would recover a bit faster from the breakup.

I miss having a girlfriend more than anything. Going to these meetups will help. I’m trying to find one, just keep doing you my guy. Keep going to these meetups, shuffle meets, parties, cafes. I think I’m doing pretty good on this front, it just sucks that I don’t have a girl after this long. 

Let’s hit the pool down here more often. Let’s put more energy into making connections. 

I don’t think the pain is really her anymore. She was a great girl but I’m not trying to get back with her. We tried living together, outside of that, she’s extremely rude, loud and over the top. I’m sure I’ll find someone a lot nicer then her, I hope as funny and definitely hotter. 

It’s taken over a year for the pussy cloud over my face to clear, it would’ve been a lot faster if woman threw themselves my way after the breakup but they didn’t, only Wei did but that didn’t really help cuz she wasn’t hot. Throw money at my problem, I have spent some extra on tinder but outside of that, I want to date someone, go on dates, have sex, do fun things. 

Why do you think I have been attracting any woman? 
I think I might not be attractive enough. Idk, I feel like maybe I am attracting them but they haven’t been able to express it. I’m generally pretty nice to everyone, most of the guys like me. 

I also know a girls going to come into my life and then I’ll be busy trying to fuck her but why is there no girl right now! Fucking no one. Idk, it’s kinda sad. At least a girl I could hook up with on occasion. a one night stand? Sure, that sounds fun but it also comes with a lot of bullshit. 

Maybe I need more time? 

Maybe I need to go to my mom to get arranged by some girl. If I do that, I’ll end up with some girl like Priyanka. Idk about that, it’s not my preference, I want to do as much as possible to attract someone to me. Someone that falls in love with me for me. It could be because I’m smart, great dancer, a Dj, a rider, a software engineer, a lover, a cutie, and the list goes on… 

I’m also thinking about this whole living situation and I need to take action. I can’t save any money living here and that’s not okay. What’s a reasonable amount to save

Talk to me 

Minds a little muffled, feels like there are few clouds in there. It feels good tho, today could be one of those cloudy days where you watch a movie and take it easy. I think that would be nice. I was thinking about going to my parents place but I think I want to take it easy, watch a movie, maybe hit the Jacuzzi later, work on project, work on NLS for a bit, those are actually interesting. Maybe go to the invigatorium later today. 

I think writing really helps me think. No matter the situation, it helps me articulate my feelings. Anywho, now that I know what I want to do, I have to put up with 30 minutes of Alex’s nonsense so we can get this mofukin credit where it’s DUE. 


Any who, anything else? 

Maybe do a little bit of Lyra. I also want to cook up some bomb ass food.

Decisions decisions decisions 


Through the tides and waves of the universal ocean, we must steer our little boat in the direction we want our life to go. Whether it goes there or not is not is a separate issue. Getting less meta and more present, i’m having a little trouble making decisions on the whole clean out all my Quyen content in my life. Jamal did give me a good talk on Friday night. Some of the things he said resonated. 
201.	This person is happily living her life 
202.	I’m only hurting myself by holding on to the memorabilia  
	The way I look at this, I think the memorabilia gives me pleasure but the wound is so fresh that it can cause more pain than pleasure. 
203.	If I really want to erase her from my day to day, I need to get her out of my playstation, Netflix, Hulu, all streaming channels, playstation. 

Thinking about it, I think it’s for the best, what do I need to move forward on this decision? 
⁃	Get her off my Hulu, Netflix, Prime & my playstation. Not that I hate her but because it’s hurting my soul and I don’t need that kind of pain in my life.
⁃	Get the tapestry down, take all the knickknacks out of my bookshelf 

If that love rekindles, I’ll have so many things to fill my bookshelf with. Until then, I want to give my chance to fall in love again, to find someone new without thinking about my Ex in the background. Without comparing 




NLS To do 

To do: 
204.	Review the PR document. 
205.	Complete a prioritization exercise on the tasks and backlog items - Dans request 
206.	Confirm if we are allowed to host EY proprietary documents on Azure 
207.	PR - FAQ: Update the document
208.	Data Bricks - this is where the Azure is hosted - Navya & Bryan Chu has access

Notes: 
⁃	DevOps to developmental  tasks 
Goals of the project: 
⁃	Develop competency 
⁃	Building a product to demo and sell to clients 
⁃	Researching cutting edge ai

List of Azure services we will be leveraging
	Azure data lake 
	App Service 
	Power BI 
	Data Bricks 
	Dev Ops 


Happy mothers day? 

Feeling a little strange this morning. I just got back from Jamaal’s baby shower where he proposed to Kalynn. It was extremely lovely and full-filling to watch a close friend go from single to being a father and enter a committed relationship. Sometimes I look at Pranav with his girl and wonder if that’s the best approach. Sometimes I question my decision to walk away from Quyen. I don’t need to worry about these things, just go with the flow and eb of the universe, stay vary of signs and 

Scratch all that, I need to find peace. The world is burning up, my girlfriend left me. That’s mostly it but that’s enough to panic and loose my shit. Oh and I’m slowly but surely going broke. Now, let’s shove all that into the closet and have fun. 

Fuck thinking about her, let’s move forward! Let’s build my personality, my brand and focus on what’s important to me. What’s important to me? 
209.	I want a beautiful lovely wifey
210.	I want Quyen to love me again 
211.	



Get curious 

-Get curious about what you want (i.e., more freedom, ease/natural) and then start to shift your lifestyle in that direction. What is one action you take over the next couple weeks to pivot in this direction?

-willpower is like resistance; it's not really serving you anymore so what's another way to function that feels better? (i.e., flexibility, spontaneity, go with the flow, freedom, etc.)

-if it sounds like it’s going to benefit you and if it’s important to you go for it, but if/when that doesn’t feel good or your emotions try to communicate something to you, it’s a sign to get curious and pivot/try something else.


How are you feeling sir? 
I feel good, a little bored of the staying at home, I want to go out and about and show off my dope outfit to the world. I’ll be at the shuffle meetup later today which is cool. I still can’t wear this silk shirt there. 

I change my mind, I think staying home is cool, I get to mix music as I work. I don’t have to spend money on frivolous activities 

I’m blessed with having extra time today to do what my heart pleases. 
There are a few things that I have to do, 
212.	About an hour of EY work 
213.	Pick up some liquor, probably at Albertsons when I go to pick up the buns. 

Other then that, everything else is optional: 
⁃	I really do want to go to the shuffle meetup so I can hang with my broskis 
⁃	I can go to a cafe which I low key want to - or the Negroni bar 
⁃	I can make a new mix or just play around with the new sounds I’ve got. 
⁃	I can play some COD but I think I’m a little bored of COD, been playing a lot this past week and I’m over it. 
⁃	I want to talk to my girl
⁃	Work on my list of personal tasks to complete 




Trip to Japan in cancelled. 


I’m on my way to Narita international airport, Tokyo but I won’t be able to enter the city. They have new policies in place where solo travelers aren’t allowed and getting a Visa has been increasingly difficult. On the US embassy website, they’ve clearly stated that you don’t even need a Visa but that’s a bunch of balogne. 

I’ve booked a forward connection to Singapore so i’ll be seeing catching up with Señor. Always a good time with the homie and I can crash at his place. I’m thinking about spending a few days with him and then going to Thailand from there and then India. I’ve heard too many good things about Thailand and I’ve been craving to see it. 

I also have the choice to go to Bali in Indonesia, Malaysia, Vietnam & Cambodia but I think Thailand is the winner. I will convince Quyen to take me to Viatnam at some point. I’m going to book vacation for the end of the year, extend my two weeks to 4 weeks and go to Japan for 4 whole ass weeks in December. Gotta double check the weather in December, might be a little cold but I’m sure it’ll be worthwhile. Also, Okinawa seams to be an amazing destination so definitely want to check that out at some point. 

I still ache to see Japan, I was ready to get into my Otaku mode and go to the anime central, check out old Japanese castles, see the orgins of the Samurai, check out the Tori Gates and so much more. I literally stayed up all last night watching cool stuff to do in Japan so I have a BIG ASS list. As trump would say it, it’s Huuuuuge. 


What’s going on? 

I guess I was feeling anxious for some reason, a type of uncomfortableness. I stashed all my grass while experiencing this. The music wasn’t resonating and felt like noise. Then the right tune hit and my mood instantly flipped, it was almost 


It’s been a short week, it’s Friday and I’m excited for the weekend! 
There are no absolute truths in this world.

What do I want to do today? 

It’s taco Tuesday and it’s about 2pm, I’ll be done with work by 3pm. 
What do I want to do with the rest of my day? 
There are a couple of things I want to do. 
1. I’d like to make some fish green curry and paneer butter masala. 
214.	I would enjoy a joyride
215.	Maybe a hike somewhere beautiful 
216.	I do need to do a bit of grocery shopping but that can be pushed till later if I manage to cook paneer butter masala with the ingredients that I have. 


How do you feel homie? 

I feel good, it’s mothers day, I’m in Temecula spending a day with the family. 
How’s my life right now?  

It’s great, I make 130K and I’m working as a chatbot developer in one of the Big 4 Consultancies. I recently single and there’s some lingering pain from the breakup. Totally natural but the issue is the constant nagging suspicion that I should do something more to bring us back together or something. I think if it’s meant to be, it’ll be. In the meantime, I want to keep doing me. Ride that motorcycle, mix those tracks, go out and dance, shake that ass, code that chatbot, smoke that smoke and keep meeting new people. 

I would like to date someone, someone that makes me feel loved, someone that I admire and someone that admires me. I want to be a loving relationship. I miss all the shenanigans that Quyen and I used to be up to. All the travel in the world with her, all the first class tickets, that fine ass and that cute little couchie I used to eat out on the daily. Oh and the drugs, that was pretty lit too. What wasn’t lit was the constant fights, the temper tantrums even when we’re rolling. The constant disrespect, the police coming to our house due to our dysfunctional relationship. There’s definitely so much I need to improve about myself. What are some of the things that could have directly stopped some of the terrible incidents that happened during my time with her? Some of the darkest moments were: 
217.	car accident - needed to be more 
218.	The slap  
219.	Police incident 
220.	Hawaii 
221.	Blanket issue 
222.	Lazy incident 




Does it align?

Sometimes you just have to clear your head. 
Be in the moment, be present and react naturally. It’s your most authentic color. Trying to calculate outcomes comes naturally to you so overthinking is also natural, however, it adds more burden to you when you try and predict the other persons reaction. 

I woke up this morning with a strong urge to hit up the girl from Yesterday and then decided against it because I felt it would seem desperate. I don’t want to be impulsive, be mindful and ask yourself, does reaching out to her align with my values? Well, I don’t know what reaching out to her has to do with my values. One of my main values is having fun so I guess it does align. It’s 420 and I want someone to hang out with that smokes. 

Otherwise, what am I doing right now, lets check ourselves, I’ve started the Job Jar process, I have the notes for GDS ready, the next thing on my list is completing my credits for EY. 

Does holding off on reaching out to her align with my values? One of my values is forming good strong relationships, does asking her to smoke really affect that in any way?              


Now, I have another 30 minutes to kill before the final call of the day. 
Is there anything left on my plate that needs to be done asap? 

With regards to the credits, I’ll finish some quizzes and submit them when I’m watching tv or something. It’s going to be one of those multitasking activities. 

Job Jar, I’m working

Quicky

I just woke up feeling hella good today and yes, this is how I talk now so get with it or get out. 
I’ve been feeling a victim of my laziness lately, just constantly pushing things off but not today! 
I feel the energy, the energy that can change this world! I also feel very happy, it could be the music, I’ve been shaking my ass all morning, afro pop just gets me in my moods. 

I want to share some of my love with my friends, I will later on in the day. 
I also want to ask the cat girl if she wants to come to Fisher with me, it’d be a vibe. 
Im going to send out the invite for my housewarming today. 

I just wanted to say that I love me, I love my family, I love life, I’m super grateful for everything that’s happened so far and looking forward to the great adventure that is life. I want to offer my hand to those suffering from depression and addiction, I don’t have the solution but if you want to talk and maybe figure out how to get through this, let’s fucking go!



I feel a bit lost with what’s next, I’m not sure if I’m getting on this UVA project or Nike. Getting on UVA sounds like a great opportunity but it could also end terribly. What happens in the scenario where I’m not the right fit for the role? I’ll try my best and try to swim, if I’m not able to swim, I explain that I’m not able to do the job, ask Oscar to find a replacement and let Heather know I’m searching for a project. I have explained to Oscar that I’m new to .net and there would be a learning curve. My main responsibility would be a code reviewer, tech lead and project manager. Honestly, I’m already good at 2 of those 3 things. As a code reviewer, all I need to do is understand the code that the developers wrote, I can have help from the dev guys, Oscar if needed, maybe someone from India if need be, the internet, overall, I should be fine. It is definitely something new and I’m a bit out of my comfort zone but imagine if I pull this off, I’d be a fucking king. On the other hand, if I end up at Nike, that’s also a major win, west coast client and data analytics so it’s in my comfort zone. Based on the jobs I saw at Soundcloud, Spotify, etc., working with data is definitely a viable career path that could lead to jobs at these corporations. Having tech lead experience on a chatbot dev project would be hella sexy on my resume. Working with Nike on data is another big win, so either boat, I end up on, I’m good. The only concern I have is my relationship with Oscar, if I end up on Nike, how would that play out with him. I tell him there was another opportunity which is a better fit for me, apologize for the inconvenience	of having to find someone else and move on. I don’t think there’s really more to it then that. I think I could definitely end up in entertainment/music industry through CAI development stream so either route I take, I should be in good shape.

Morning journal 

So I wake up today in time for my morning meeting. 
A new day, full of possibility, excitement, work and luxury. 
My work is just a little bit of this and a little bit of that, nothing crazy. 
So what will my day look like: 
223.	6-2: working 
224.	2-6: Gym, music & food
225.	6-10: shuffle party 

I feel good, the task list is getting a bit long so I’m going to power through as much as I can. I will complete the morning call & UAT, take a shower and then do a little bit of meditation/pranayamam. Dig a bit deeper into my conscious. 

Therapy topics for the next call 

226.	Talk about how you’re still in love and it hurts me at my core to know that someone that I love, someone that used to love me, hates me now and doesn’t even want to talk to me. 
	I’ve obviously done and said things that drove this person so far away but I want to fix myself. I know using the term “Fix myself” implies there’s something wrong with me, is there something wrong with me? I don’t know. If there is, it’s best I know so I can work on it. 

⁃	Another thing, I know I came to you trying to figure out whether I want this person as my forever partner or not - the answer to that question is yet to be discovered. I’ve decided that the answer lies within myself and I just have to help it surface. Until then, I want to keep working on being a better person, a person that wouldn’t drive his loved ones out of his life. 

Thots Feb 2022

How can someone that loved me not want to be with me anymore. How can they hate me. Well, her answer is that I treated her like poop. That’s how she felt, whether it be true or not, only god knows the answer. I did my best? Kind of, I think I could have done better. There’s so much I would do differently if my present self go back in time. What we had was different, it wasn’t like all the others. My ego never let me fully acknowledge the things I was doing that hurt her. 

To this day, I don’t think she doesn’t love me, I think she walked away because it wasn’t good for her, mentally to be with me. I don’t blame her. In all honesty, it was probably for the better. I was in a place where I couldn’t fully accept her into my life because of my doubts on whether she would be the right person for me. She might have been feeling the same way. 

If we do get back together, we definitely have a lot of work to do in order to peacefully coexist but we know what we have to do which is nice. Let’s see how the universe entangles or detangles our fates. 

I love her, I love me and I wish us both an amazing life full of love, joy and everything else. 

Another thing, after watching Knight-fall, I’ve really been question Nihilism. I don’t like the idea of everything being utter chaos. I would be much happier thinking that we don’t know what’s going on but there’s some higher power playing his piano up there and steering this bus. Otherwise, we’re all on a bus with no driver and that is horror story. The act of praying is so soothing to the soul, when your heart is in pain, nihilism can be crushing. 



So I’m sitting in the middle of a cute little cafe in Puerto Escondido. It’s got little cats running around, cute waitresses smiling and whispering things to each other. I got a delicious fruit smoothie and a crepe loaded with fish, mushroom and onions, it’s a little bland but that’s where the salsa kicks in. This salsa’s got heat, like burn your butthole and make you cry in the toilet heat. Mexican cuisine is something I could definitely get behind. So how was my trip you ask? It was great, lot’s of ups and downs  but overall, very memorable. It was my first solo trip. 

Started off with a bang in Tulum, meeting up with Jammo was a vibe, we crushed the first night at the jungle rave, did a little Molly and it was a pretty rad night. I met like everyone in the entire club, got behind the DJ booth and danced my ass off, let’s not forget, I was dressed to the T - and - the flyest mofuker in that club. The sun came up, we went back to hostel in a dazed come down. The next day was a struggle, we had booked tickets to see Eli & Fur so we were committed to the party. I was so sleep deprived that I felt like I was on drugs. All I had that night was one beer and a couple of puffs of this pink joint I got and boy was I blasted. I couldn’t walk straight for the life of me. The venue - Mia’s beach club - was just perfect. It was beautifully decorated, they served hookah, it was located right on the beach so you could step out from the madness, watch the ocean and the stars with techno in the background. I met this dude from Oklahoma or some midwestern state and he was candy flipping. We got into a shpeal and started pouring our hearts out about all the struggles we’re going through. The boy recently lost his mother. Man, this cafe was playing some great music and as soon as it stopped, I lost my groove. But as I was saying, we were talking, talking and then went back into the dance floor to freaking crush it. 

For a while, I was in such a limbo, I had no idea what was going on around me, the only thing that made sense was the music and the dance. My body would absorb each beat and express it. It was fun though, a couple of ravers that were also as deep as I was approached and we were grooving, lost in the sauce. 

So then I missed my flight, ended up spending my birthday in Cancun at the Mayan Monkey. It was super fun night, hung out with these two brit girls and we just drank the night away. There was a bottle of tequila that we smuggled in and chugged like animals. I remember most of it but at a certain point, I just remember waking up in my bed. The big win was that I had everything on me so sure, I blacked out but even the semi conscious me had my shit together so a kudos to that. 

Then I was off to Mexico City - it was a cool chill day in between, went to a museam and then to a rooftop in downtown Mexico City. 

There was so much turmoil going on in my head some of these nights though. For example, the night I missed my flight and ended up staying in Cancun, I was very inclined to end my trip early and hit San Diego. It seemed like the best thing to do because in that moment, the only feeling that was pervading my body was “ Fuck this place, my home is better”. Fortunately, I wasn’t able to find a flight back home so I continued my trip. Part of it was me being a cheap basterd, going home cost me less then continuing this trip. Is there really a point in traveling for the sake of traveling? Of course there is, you’re seeing the world, you’re growing as a person, adding dimension, personality and cult

Good things are coming 

I feel good, I’m excited for life, I feel excited to wake up in the morning. 
I’m sitting at Copa Vida in the flyest outfit of 2022, that’s right B, I’m out here slaying bitches. 
Made friends with the Barista Landry, chill black guy, he kinda has the same tone as Miguel, the receptionist in my building. 

Recently, I’ve been enjoying dressing up and going to a cafe. I generally either work on EY projects or my personal music projects, either way, I feel blessed. 

With regards to the whole Quyen thing, I feel better things are coming. I’m becoming a better man every day. I have my list of things I need to improve. With regards to marriage, fuck what my parents say, they stress and rub that stress off on me. It’s not wrong to avoid them in general, at least until they get their shit together. 

Otherwise, I’m hunting for some Booty! My body is in pristine condition, exercised, buttered up and ready to PUT IN WORK.

Emptying my soul 


When I write, I feel like all the chaos and confusion slowly untangles itself and comes out of my heart like a string. A string that slowly changes to ink on the sheet. As more of the string unravels, the more at peace I am. 

There are so many things going on in my life. 
227.	I’m single so I’m looking for a woman 
228.	I’m trying to move west but I have so many reasons to stay for a while longer.
229.	Oh and work is a shitshow at the moment with the project ending but also finding a huge set of new reports that haven’t been looked at. 
230.	Gotta figure out this halloween costume 


Aint too bad ya know, nothing here is really life or death. 
So what, if I stay in Philly for a while, I can wake up late and hang out with the homies for a while longer. Yeah, I’d have to go through a winter but I’ve braved Chicago, I can brave Philly. 

What are the parents doing? 
⁃	They are moving end of DEC or early JAN. 


Wed Oct 6 - put together 

Woke up feeling very flustered. I slept on too many pillows, my neck hurt but luckily I woke up at 7 so there’s still time to fix all this. In the midst of all that, I remember that I have to delete a few slides for the status deck so hustle over to my laptop, make the change, all of a sudden my off shore team is calling me to make a decision, it was a lot, especially with no preparation but I did what I thought was right and decided I needed to go back and get some sleep, fix my neck and so I did. My blankets feel like heaven, so soft, I could lay in there for days at a time. Unfortunately the clock hit 8am and I knew I wanted a nice shower this morning. A nice shower made even better by a small little hit. Turned on lost gravity EP and floated into my shower. Had an amazing shower, shampoo’d, brushed, the whole nine yards, came out looking like a god. Started my self care routine, finished up and decided today, I’m gonna schedule my entire day. Not to the T but to a degree where I have direction. And then I decided, I might even journal a little so here I am. 

How am I doing? 
I’m doing well. I sent Quyen a message yesterday basically telling her that I still felt for her but regardless of whether we’re together, I cherish our time together and hope that she does the same. There were a couple of reasons why I sent this, I couldn’t resist trying one last time before leaving to SD. Also, all the communication we’ve had after the breakup has been terrible, I don’t want to leave on that note. I would rather leave on a lovelier note regardless of it making me “look desperate”. I’m not desperate, I’m in love and it’s understandable that I’m trying to fix what we’ve had. I’m not doing anything crazy or hurting anyone so I don’t see the harm in telling her I love her one last time. 

It was a decision I made for my own reasons and I will stand by it. There’s no point in second guessing myself after the matter. On the other hand, I went to dance class yesterday, went to two classes and cycled to and fro, my body was exhausted. I had the worlds biggest dinner. A ham and cheese crepe and couple of cups of cereal. Don’t forget the few cuties that I had for dessert. I was also very baked but overall, I felt great. Watched an episode of American horror story about these two kids that go to a cursed movie where everyone turns in mindless monsters because the movie does something to your brain. Pretty crazy as are most episodes of American horror story. 

American horror story or black mirror, it’s tough but I think I would vote for American horror story. American horror story has more production value but black mirror sheds light onto darker areas of our society. AHS does that too but it doesn’t have the freedom that Black mirror. 

Any-who, I’m here in this cafe, slightly baked, slightly racing due to the coffee and slightly cold due to this freaking AC right on top of my head. Is my mind clear? Yes.  

One thing from earlier though, the instructor yesterday said I was too in my head and I agree. I want to find ways to be more present instead of in my head. 
Just read a Forbes article about it and basically, letting your mind wonder always leads to worrying. It’s just how we’re wired. Focusing on activities is essential to keep you from wondering and worrying, whether that be watching a movie or dancing. Getting your mind to refocus on the task at hand even if it wonders is how you build concentration. 

Is there something eating at me? Eating at my soul? What am I worried about? what are the thoughts that come when I let my mind wonder? 

231.	Did I do the right thing by sending her that letter? There is no right and wrong but if my end goal is to get back with her, was that the best move?
During my time with her, I worried about the problems I would face by locking myself in with her and they were significant enough for me to ponder whether or not I should leave this relationship. At the same time, I really did love her. Along with the general downsides to marrying her, there was the disrespect. This disrespect was getting really bad near the end of the relationship. That’s really what caused it to come crashing down. She lost respect for me. There could have been a million reasons for that but due to that loss of respect, she started treating me like trash. 

As much as I loved her, I couldn’t take it anymore. Maybe her perspective of me just changed, she saw me in a different light and she didn’t like what she saw? Idk, but with all the disrespect she was putting out, I wanted things to end as much as she did. Hence I told her exactly that, I can’t tolerate the disrespect and I’m leaving to SD. It was an easy choice to make at the time because I was facing this constant disrespect everyday but now that I’m left with happy memories and the great many qualities she has that attract me to her, I’m going back to falling in love with her almost all over again. 

As Jamaal said, remember why you left and stick to your guns. Sending that letter to her saying I still love her, yadayadayada was risky because that was essentially letting her come back into my life and letting all that disrespect back into my life. A part of me believes she’s capable of change and I could definitely be a more respectable boyfriend. I was willing to take that gamble if she’s interested. I couldn’t get myself to leave to SD without offering to get back with her at least once. As mentioned, all our previous communication has been garbage so I wanted to leave on a lovelier note. That’s why I don’t think what I did was that terrible. The earlier email asking why she left the way she did was unnecessary but at the same time, she said she asked me to come with her and that’s the line that was giving me hope. Now that I sent this letter that explicitly asked her back into my life and got no response, it’s evident that she’s not interested. 

Did sending the letter to her make me less attractive? Probably. When you’re not interested in someone and they keep trying to get with you, it’s very unattractive. It’s the way I feel around Wei. It’s probably a similar case with past lovers. Did I know this yesterday when I sent the letter? yes. Then why did I send the letter? 

Because I wanted to make sure she knows I still like her. But she already knows that. How? Because I’ve been trying to talk to her since the breakup and Ex’s don’t try and talk to you unless they like you. 

Just trying to untangle my brain here but based on what’s out here, it was kind of dumb. Not the best use of my time. Did it make me feel better in that moment, absolutely. So let’s just leave it at that. Let’s leave it Tina told me to do it.  

I had a few reasons: 
⁃	It was a great piece of writing only she would understand. 
⁃	I wanted her to know I was still in love even though I was leaving to SD 
⁃	I wanted to get back with her in case there was a chance 
⁃	I’m able to comfortably leave Philly knowing that she’s not interested and doesn’t want to stay or something. This makes it a lot easier for me to get out of this city and start fresh in SD. 
⁃	I attributed a lot of her past communication to anger and emotion instead of conscious decisions, this proved to me that it’s her conscious decision to walk away from this relationship. If that’s the case, so be it. I hope she finds happiness. 
⁃	If one day she see’s our relationship the way I see it, maybe she’ll come back knowing that I still have feelings for her, I think this letter is a way of keeping that door open even once I leave. I don’t want her to feel like she doesn’t have a spot in my heart. 

Why I shouldn’t have done it: 
⁃	Makes me look desperate, but honestly, does it? It makes me look like I’m still in love. I don’t think that’s the same as desperate but it’s borderline desperate. Overall, it’s just not that attractive. [this point right here holds more weight than anything else]
⁃	It could potentially keep her away from me in the future, on the contrary, it could show her how much she meant to me and maybe that has a positive impact for the long run instead of a negative one. That’s something I don’t know, Maybe I’ll find out one day. 

Why it doesn’t matter anymore and why I can stop worrying about it: 
⁃	It’s already over, there’s nothing to be done now. 
⁃	As great as she was, she had tons of flaws so hopefully I just meet someone better then her and all this wouldn’t even matter 
⁃	Hopefully it does more good then bad

The takeaway is don’t send anymore letters. Jamaal already told you this. He also said you’re killing any prospective chance of her coming back to you by looking desperate. That’s the most important thing at the end of the day. Whatever’s done is done and as we saw, there are many upsides so we can walk away not feeling terrible about it but at the same time, just don’t do it again. 


Is moving to Cali going to undermine my chances of getting back with Quyen? Why am I thirsty for Quyen, there are plenty of other woman out there, let’s just go find one of them. Quyen is special, absolutely, but she doesn’t want you. But isn’t love supposed to be about not giving up on another and trying to the bitter end? That’s the way I look at it. If I continue trying and fail, it would suck. If I continue trying and it succeeds, it’d be awesome. 

I feel like I’m halting progress by postponing my move. Regardless of whether it’s this year or the next, the reason why I shouldn’t halt my steps because she’s not worth it. She doesn’t deserve that many chances with me. Even her leaving the way she did was a dick move, why do I need to pardon all that and still try to get her back, we’re not married. 

What am I doing here? 
I’m sitting in this cafe dolled up to the T. I’m in my new Coach coat, well it is Dasara so I have reason to be celebrating and by celebrating, I mean looking fresh as fuck. Any who, every time a girl walks into this establishment, I feel like I should make a move but at the same time, it feels very un natural. I look good, I can feel people checking me out but I don’t know what I should do about it. What do most hot girls do, absolutely nothing. They just keep strutting and let you fantasize about them, maybe I can stick with the same. I want to make connections though. 

I think the easiest way is to ask a question that doesn’t make you look like an absolute idiot, either that or if there’s anything funny to say based on your surroundings, say it. Any who, I’m out of coffee, the fuel is depleted, it’s Friday, it’s Dasara, I don’t wanna work no more tbh but I also don’t know what I want to do. There’s a dance class at 6pm. 

I could do with a nice hearty lunch, I could come back here. Probably feel good, get another coffee and get through the rest of the day. Or I could work for another hour or so, push myself to finish and then go home, but, what’s the point. If I had stuff to do afterwords, it makes sense but i’m having fun. I’m going to go have some delicious lunch without lots of carbs and come back here. 

Yeah, I want to steer clear of liquor when I’m alone, it causes me to feel more lonely then normal. It’s totally fine if I’m with people but this the kind of thing that will have me making booty calls at 2 in the afternoon. 

I crave that connection right now, going to a bar, sitting down on the bar, potentially talking to the person next to me.
What’s my other option, get started on this variance analysis for commercial product families, that sounds so boring though. Kill me. Maybe I can go to a different cafe? Not a bad idea but I don’t know a better one then this one in this area. Also, I can feel the hunger in my belly. 

So I got some food in my belly. I came back to Paris baguette and turns out I left my Mac charger here. Worst part is I had no idea, Amelia, the cute waiter here helped out, she found it, stored it and returned it to me. It felt good, she’s super nice to me. I think she likes me and I think the girl at Yamatsuki also liked me. I’m going to ask Amelia to take a picture of me and ask her if I can take her out for mango mango. I mean I know Paris has SOOO much dessert but who cares, asking her out for dinner is too much, coffee would be funny cuz we’re at a coffee shop, dessert is the way to go. If she says no, I’m sorry, it’s no big deal. That’s not the mindset here, the mindset here is be fucking confident, loud and proud. Whatever happens, happens. It’s tough out here man.


Alright, i’m excited for the future again. This is normal me coming back. I’m not one to cry over the past but then again, for so long, my life has only been getting better. To take a hit after such a long time, I felt it. I think this hit was a necessary one, regardless, I’m hit, I cried, I’m in pain, but I’m getting back up now and I’m excited to see what’s next. Let’s see what California puts on the table. It’s the golden state, how bad can it be? If it does turn out to be a bummer, call it a financial loss and move back. Thing is regardless if SD is a fail/success, I’m confident that I will get along with cali people and that overall, I’ll be happier in the west coast. If not this year, I’ll end up moving to cali at some point and might as well do it now when the stars lined up in the right way. 

I swear to god, this caffeine acts as the light that parts through the clouds. All of a sudden, I can clearly see what needs to be done. 


Thurs Oct 7

I think I like journaling in the morning as I start off my day. Gets out all my thoughts. 
Micheal and Cece are in town we’ll probably hit the barbery tonight. 

How am I doing? 

I’m doing well. There’s still some pain from not having Quyen here. Yesterday I got pretty convinced that she got back with her Ex and yes, I mean Johny. He hit her up near the end of my relationship. She definitely seemed like it mattered to her, she was talking about it for quite some time. Talking about getting back at her frat sorority sisters, etc. It does make sense if you think about it. it would explain how she’s so easily able to walk away from everything we had. 

I think Jamaal was right, it’s not me, it’s her. I was doing everything right, I was changing myself on the daily to suit her needs and wants. There are a few things that I haven’t quite figured out how to do. She told me to be a man, I think I’m more of a man now then I was a few months ago. I demand respect from the people around me. My actions are such that I can be respected. 

It’s just really heavy on the heart to think that I was solely at fault for her leaving and the breakup. How terrible do you have to be for someone to walk away from you after being with for 3 years. Like two weeks before the whole breakup, she was trying to meet my parents, she was cuddly and loving and then ABOOM, she disappears. She did start looking at apartments, saying she was leaving, etc. but how do you even know when to take this girl seriously. I’m a good boyfriend. I was honestly so tired of her shit too that I didn’t want to move out with her. 

It was a mutual break up if you think about it. She couldn’t stand it here, she left, asked me come but I wasn’t about it. She left, I asked her lets fix what we have, she said no, you didn’t move out with me, that’s that, it’s over. 

The other thing is that even Jae isn’t talking to her which makes me believe that she might have gotten together with her EX but is too embarrassed to tell everyone.
Possibility but we don’t know for sure, eventually it will come out so we just gotta wait and see what happens. 

It’s very unlikely that she genuinely feels she’s happier living by herself vs living together with me. I make her life so much better in so many ways. Yes, Pranav was annoying but that’s not even that big of an annoyance. Can I be a bit much sometimes? Absolutely but my good far outweighs my bad. I used to so much for her. 

Anywho, move on my man, it’s over. 
Don’t waste your breath on this. 

I’m going to be DJ’ing with Mr.RHOZAMETA tomorrow so that should be fun. 
I’m going to dance classes everyday and man, let me tell you, there’s so much fine booty out there. 
I’m getting better by the day but it’s definitely lots of hard work, by hard-work, I just embarrass myself a lot because I can’t keep up with all these pro dancers. 
It’s fun though and I feel my body starting to slowly listen to isolated body movements. If I keep going this. 

Dance is great cardio but I feel my body loosening up, I need to hit the gym once every couple of days whether I go to dance or not to keep the body in shape. 
Once I get better, I think I would go to dance classes 1-2 times a week and the rest of days, probably just hit the gym or try other classes like HENNA. 

I think it would be pretty cool to learn HENNA. 

Mon Oct 4


I’m in a good mood, full of energy and Dosa. A Ham and Cheese Dosa actually, it was quite the treat. The picture didn’t do it justice so the only one that can truly understand its beauty is ME. 

Anywho, going to the samasya at hand, should I try and reach out to Quyen one last time? 
My soul and heart are pushing hard. The only thing is if I convince her to get back with me, I would have to stay in Philly for a while. That doesn’t bother me as much as I thought it would. I mean I have good friends here and living in Fish town for a year would be bomb. Easier for work, easy to hang with all the new friends i’ve made and most of all, if we are back together, I could have fun hanging out with My baby. And my baby’s baby cat. All in all, pretty rewarding. 

On the flip side, if she’s adamant that she doesn’t want me in her life, then as tragic as that would be, I will pack my shit and ride away my sorrows on the hills of San Diego. I can definitely make new friends, I will have my family with me for good or bad. But if there is a chance of rebuilding our love and trust, I think it’s worth the effort. 

Looking at the good and bad in our relationship, I’m still very happy I met Quyen, I have no regret in the life we lived together, when we were together, I’m sure the yelling and the temper really got to me. I just don’t think it’s an unsurmountable problem. I mean everything is figure-out-able right? We can figure out how to slowly but surely improve our communication. 

There’s also a world in which she’s okay with me going to SD and will visit me for a while if she’s enjoying living by herself for a while which is completely okay for me. I love living by myself for a bit too but at the same time, I love her too much to walk and away and love someone else. 

Now to the problem at hand, how do I get her to sit down and talk to me? 
I know she’s really upset and everything I’ve talking to her thus far. 

It could be possible that she’s dead set on moving on and if that’s the case, there’s nothing I can do but if there is a chance that she’s also feeling the pain from the lost love, I can work with that. 


A melancholy in my heart. The pain persists, I often confuse the pain with love. I think, if it hurts this much, it’s gotta be love. So my next thought becomes, why are you walking away from Love? Love is beautiful but it’s also blinding. It’s a drug and like any drug, you always want more. She says she’s leaving because I treated her badly but I don’t believe that. She could have left because she fell out of love but she didn’t admit to that and it wasn’t the case. Think about the last 6 months of our relationship. We were having a lot of fights, I was made to look weak living with the man so I was definitely not in my best light. He’s not anything great but he puts people down constantly, I don’t know if it’s to make himself feel better or what his MO is but there is a constant disregard to others feelings and overall, pretty selfish. I look past a lot of the shit things he’s done because that’s my nature, I overlook the bad and focus on the good. I always have, that’s why I was able to stay with Quyen for so long. The girl has so much messed up in her head but when I think of her, I only think of how much I love her. Going back, considering the fights and the bad light I was in and the fact that my parents were here and she had to deal with me not being there, having to live with Pranav by herself was not an enjoyable experience. Also, the disregard to her needs to find a place did not take well. I could have definitely done a little more but I didn’t. I was being selfish thinking we’re saving money here and I’m going to be in MD anyways. I was young and selfish. At the same time, she could have definitely taken care of the move and forced us to move together, I wasn’t putting down any resistance to that, I just didn’t actively help because there wasn’t anything in it for me and really had a lot going on so all these thoughts of her being miserable living by herself with Pranav while I lived in MD didn’t even cross my mind. I agree, I should have been more mindful of her needs and put them on the same pedestal as mine and that’s the lesson I should take from that. When you’re in love, you must put their needs on the same plate as yours, you don’t need to put them before your needs because too much sacrifice can lead to resent but on the same plate. Making this realization might not fix anything but it’s good for me to understand. This mixed with all the other nonsense that was going on, including making her pay me while she wasn’t working, another big party foul. I mean come on, why ask her for money when she’s not working, when you’re not working, wouldn’t you find it kind if your significant other didn’t ask you for rent. These are the ways that I’ve treated her poorly, these are the reasons why she most likely left. Another mistake that I’ve made, this one didn’t lead to the break up but could’ve potentially stopped it was that I didn’t go to couples therapy even though we needed it. 

In retrospect, I didn’t think she would have such a huge falling out with Pranav. That was pretty uncalled for. He didn’t deserve to get yelled at the 

Now, after realizing this, is there anything I can do it make it up to her? 
For one, I can apologize and let her know that I’ve understood the wrong in my ways. 
I can remind of the love we once shared, the love I still feel coursing through my veins. 


This is not to say there is nothing wrong with her, but she left because she felt she was wronged, it’s important for the person that felt they were wronged to understand that the other person knows what went wrong and they are sorry for that. 

I can offer her money for the damage that I’ve caused to her car in the past but I don’t know how well it would be received. It could be perceived as me trying to buy myself back into her life. This is something I could later on but outright sending her money after being broken up for months just looks week. I could confess my continued love for her and hope that she has a change of heart, probably makes me look desperate and weak which is not what I’m going for. 
I want to show her, I’m a better person then the man she left a few months back and I’m trying my absolute hardest to continue improving myself. 

Staying back in Philly and not going to SD would be the ultimate sacrifice but I know a life together could surpass a life in SD by myself - there is potential that I find a woman as amazing as Quyen in SD and I live my dream life but it’s an IF. In an ideal world, we move to SD together at some point after we fix ourselves, that would be amazing. I don’t think I should consider staying in Philly. Any way that I look at it, staying in Philly will make me resentful especially things don’t pan out the way I want them to, inevitably end up living together because it makes more sense 

The question here then becomes, do I really want to just go back into living together. As amazing as it was, I still believe we were too toxic for one another. We need to spend time by ourselves, improving ourselves to a point where we will be pleasant to live alongside. This character development would be better if we did it separately. We could still date and see each other, just not actively live with one another. During this time, we can gauge if the other party is actually improving and 

Am I evangelizing the past, was it really as much fun as I say? I mean it was everything I ever wanted and more. Woman are very important to me, I feel they bring color to my world and so much more. Finding a woman that is everything I wanted in ways that I didn’t even know really struck a cord. Everything about her attracted me, to a certain degree, even her tantrums. Is that love? Is that the drug talking? If it is, why should I stop living my best life? One answer to that question is she doesn’t want anything to do with me anymore. Another one is that I will one day regret tying myself down with her because at a certain point, the distress she brings to the table will outweigh the good. At that point, I would have to walk away or risk my mental health being destroyed. Now that time can come at 30, 35, or 40 after we’ve had children and a house together, the amount of distress that it would cause would be disastrous. There is a scenario in which we both better ourselves to a point where we don’t cause so much mental anguish, we stay together and remain happy. That is definitely a best case scenario. 

In this ideal scenario, I’m living with someone I love who has everything I want in a lover and my lover is also madly in love with me. She’s sorted out her mental issues and I developed myself into a mentally strong, respectable and attractive man that she feels lucky to be with. We don’t fight very often, instead, we’re able to communicate good or bad news in a calm contained manner, we’re able to settle differences in a calm logical manner without raising voices or resorting to violence. I strongly believe this is possible, she is smart woman capable of great things when she puts her mind to it. I believe in myself too, I know I will slowly but surely transform into a better human being. 
By better, I mean one that is not getting fucked up at every party but instead stays moderately buzzed so he can talk to people, make connections and be present. 
By better, I mean one that is selfless when he can be and does things to help others. This in turn soothes my own soul and will help me love myself. 
By better, I mean being a better man. Respect from your family and peers 


Why do I care so much about what people think about me? 

I need to understand this a bit better. I mean those doesn’t affect my life in any way. Instead of trying to change, understand, learn it’s roots and try and nurse that. 

Basically as a kid, I wasn’t very popular, I always wanted to be liked and popular. At the time, I didn’t have the wits nor the money to make it happen. I was also a bit of a strange kid growing up with parents who are very Indian in a neighborhood that was predominantly white and kind of red. Due to that, I wasn’t liked by a lot of people, this built an inferiority complex but the pain was nursed by my parents constantly uplifting me. 

As an adult, when I don’t have that, the inferiority starts to grow unless I have that external validation that I’m used to. I tighten up and get more self conscious. I remember even while I was at the Rave or at Graffiti pier, the moment I got some external validation, I popped off.

[Lyra]Food for thought 

What are your relationship values 

232.	Loyalty and trust 
233.	Showing one another love and support through thick and thin 
234.	Helping the other person grow and achieve their dreams 
235.	Adapting to fit into each others life 
236.	Being able to be completely honest and free with my partner without fear of repercussion
237.	Having the best possible time in any given circumstance 

Are you putting in the same work/effort in the relationship. 
⁃	Absolutely, I have been changing and trying to do almost everything in my power to make us work. For example, when I found out she was feeling like her wants and desires are not being met, I immediately put her needs on top and took her to the Grand Canyon cancelling my existing plan. The only thing I didn’t put in effort into was her desire to move out from where we were living. Even here, I supported her, I just didn’t have the bandwidth to take care of the whole move myself. 
⁃	Idk if it’s the same, more or less because this is very subjective. I know she’s also putting in effort, forgiving me, and being patient with me on a lot of fronts but I don’t know how I would compare that against the amount of effort I’m putting in. 
⁃	I can honestly say that I’ve done everything in my power to make us work while we were together. After we broke up, I didn’t try to patch things over but neither did she. I’ve tried to talk to her but she wasn’t interested so even now, I would say I’ve put in effort. 

Who do you want to be in a relationship
⁃	I want to be a best friend, a confidant that will help you get through the challenges of life. 
⁃	A lover through and through 
⁃	I want to be part of a team that’s going to take on the world
⁃	I want to be able to be completely honest and open with my partner. I’ve had to hide everything from my family because I know they wouldn’t approve of my lifestyle, desires, etc. so I’ve made it a point to try and find someone I don’t have to hide things from or be someone else. You think hiding a few things isn’t a big deal but once you start hiding too many things, you start having to be a completely different person and it is so taxing! My parents are currently visiting and they want me to spend time with them but I can’t comfortably live with them because I can’t be myself. Maybe I should break free of this and just be myself and leave it unto them to choose whether they want to accept me for who I am or not. At the same time, I have a younger brother and a part of me is worried that I’m going to be a bad role model to him if he finds out about my lifestyle. Why is my lifestyle “bad”? It’s really not, I just enjoy dancing and music so I go to parties. Other then that, there’s really not much, I eat everything because I love food and to me, it doesn’t make sense to eat chicken but not fish or beef, they’re all animals, killing a chicken is just as evil as killing a cow so it’s kind of stupid to judge someone for eating beef but not chicken. Well, I guess fuck being someone else, I’m going to be unapologetically me. Me is a very nice person, I don’t hurt anybody and I like to have fun every chance I get, that’s simply me :) 


Who do you get to be when times are good, who are you when the times are rough. 
⁃	When times are good, I’m just really happy to have such a perfect girlfriend. I feel like a king walking around with my beautiful woman. My confidence goes sky high and feel like I can take on almost anything. I feel grateful for having such an amazing life and will be highly motivated and excited for life. I do whatever I can to show my love for my partner during these times, they’re not always huge gestures but I will express my love and happiness to my partner in one way or the other. 
⁃	When times are bad, more specifically when we get into really bad fights or arguments, in the heat of the moment, I can be really mean and say hurtful things I don’t mean. I can get really defensive and not listen to criticism at face value, instead take the comments personally and try and deflect them. I used to think this was a natural reaction when your personality is being attacked but sometimes, it’s good to just listen, take it as feedback for something you’ve messed up on. It’s not easy, it takes a lot of effort to not react defensively especially when the criticism isn’t coming with a spoonful of sugar. 

Team Quyền? 

I definitely want to get some second opinions on this matter. 
I stuck up for what I thought was right without regard to my partner. 
When I felt she was in the wrong, I called her out and sided with my friend. 
Should I have sided with her regardless of my opinion of her position? I would appreciate it my partner took my side in public and told me her real views in private. At the same time, I wouldn’t blame my partner if she sided with her friend against me if she believed her friend was right. 

For example, if Jae and I got into an argument. If Quyen took Jae’s side instead of mine because she felt he was right, I wouldn’t hate Quyen for that. Would I be upset? Absolutely, but I wouldn’t hate them for it and feel unsupported, because, I understand that when it comes down to it, this person will support me, I don’t need to verify my partners loyalty every step of the way and that’s what it felt like she was doing. Getting into a fight over something extremely trivial and then demanding I be on her side, putting me in a very weird situation between a GF and a friend, when put in that position, I decided I would side with who was right and bring this fight a compromise. 

We have to understand that not every feeling is true as real as they feel. She kept saying I am never on her side, of course, if you’re attacking me and accusing me of things, it becomes very hard to be on your side. She mentioned I defended Pratyusha and not her, I did demand she apologize for calling her a bitch because it was uncalled for. I made her apologize to Pranav when she got into a huge fight with the maintenance guy and Pranav had to leave because this girl was yelling and screaming in the middle of the house while he was trying to work and take meetings. 

I think understanding where you fucked up so you can grow is essential, I can just be like, she’s a bitch and left, I’m just going to move on, that’s pointless. I need to understand why she didn’t want to live with me. Why she didn’t feel comfortable so next time I have a girlfriend, I can ensure she’s comfortable and happy. You know, there are so many factors that come into this, I might think I’m the prime factor to her leaving but in all honesty, it could be so many things. It could be because she felt uncomfortable being part of my family, her love for me might have faded. 

In retrospect, she wasn’t at peace in that house and our fights were constant. Next time I see my partner act in such a way where she’s constantly bickering and finding reasons to fight, I should try to find the underlying reasons. In this case, it was the house and moving out with her would’ve been the way to save the relationship. Again, I’m not blaming myself for not doing this because I didn’t know it was that serious at the time but now I do.





















